attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
Tropical Storm Don Advisory Number   2
1100 PM AST Mon Jul 17 2017
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
Hurricane Fernanda Advisory Number  25
800 PM PDT Mon Jul 17 2017
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
attempting to connect..
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
Tropical Depression Seven-E Advisory Number   3
900 PM MDT Mon Jul 17 2017
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
Tropical Storm Don Intermediate Advisory Number 2A
200 AM AST Tue Jul 18 2017
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
Tropical Storm Don Advisory Number   3
500 AM AST Tue Jul 18 2017
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
Hurricane Fernanda Advisory Number  26
200 AM PDT Tue Jul 18 2017
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
Tropical Storm Greg Advisory Number   4
300 AM MDT Tue Jul 18 2017
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
Tropical Storm Don Intermediate Advisory Number 3A
800 AM AST Tue Jul 18 2017
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
complete
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
complete
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
complete
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
Tropical Storm Greg Advisory Number   9
900 AM MDT Wed Jul 19 2017
complete
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
Tropical Storm Greg Advisory Number  21
800 AM PDT Sat Jul 22 2017
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
Tropical Depression Nine-E Advisory Number   5
1000 AM CDT Sat Jul 22 2017

attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
Tropical Depression Ten-E Advisory Number   1
900 AM MDT Sat Jul 22 2017
complete
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
Tropical Storm Greg Advisory Number  25
800 AM PDT Sun Jul 23 2017
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
Tropical Storm Hilary Advisory Number   9
1000 AM CDT Sun Jul 23 2017
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
Tropical Storm Irwin Advisory Number   5
800 AM PDT Sun Jul 23 2017
complete
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
Tropical Storm Greg Advisory Number  29
800 AM PDT Mon Jul 24 2017
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
Hurricane Hilary Advisory Number  13
1000 AM CDT Mon Jul 24 2017
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
Tropical Storm Irwin Advisory Number   9
800 AM PDT Mon Jul 24 2017
complete
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
Hurricane Irwin Advisory Number  13
800 AM PDT Tue Jul 25 2017
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
Hurricane Hilary Advisory Number  17
900 AM MDT Tue Jul 25 2017
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
Tropical Storm Greg Advisory Number  33
800 AM PDT Tue Jul 25 2017
complete
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
Hurricane Hilary Advisory Number  21
900 AM MDT Wed Jul 26 2017
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
Tropical Storm Irwin Advisory Number  17
800 AM PDT Wed Jul 26 2017
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
Tropical Depression Greg Advisory Number  37
500 AM HST Wed Jul 26 2017
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
Tropical Depression Greg Advisory Number  37
500 AM HST Wed Jul 26 2017
attempting to connect..
logged in..
switching directories
complete
attempting to connect..
connected to ftp.nhc.noaa.gov at 2017-07-29 10:03:02.420704, attempting to log in
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
connected to ftp.nhc.noaa.gov at 2017-07-30 10:03:02.584780, attempting to log in
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
connected to ftp.nhc.noaa.gov at 2017-07-30 10:03:03.623672, attempting to log in
logged in..
switching directories
Tropical Storm Hilary Advisory Number  37
800 AM PDT Sun Jul 30 2017
attempting to connect..
connected to ftp.nhc.noaa.gov at 2017-07-30 10:03:03.803274, attempting to log in
logged in..
switching directories
Tropical Storm Irwin Advisory Number  33
800 AM PDT Sun Jul 30 2017
complete
attempting to connect..
connected to ftp.nhc.noaa.gov at 2017-07-31 10:03:03.161796, attempting to log in
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
connected to ftp.nhc.noaa.gov at 2017-07-31 10:03:04.295267, attempting to log in
logged in..
switching directories
Tropical Storm Emily Advisory Number   3
1100 AM EDT Mon Jul 31 2017
attempting to connect..
connected to ftp.nhc.noaa.gov at 2017-07-31 10:03:04.466314, attempting to log in
logged in..
switching directories
Tropical Storm Irwin Advisory Number  37
800 AM PDT Mon Jul 31 2017
complete
attempting to connect..
connected to ftp.nhc.noaa.gov at 2017-08-01 10:03:02.701896, attempting to log in
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
connected to ftp.nhc.noaa.gov at 2017-08-01 10:03:07.714539, attempting to log in
logged in..
switching directories
Tropical Depression Emily Advisory Number   7
1100 AM EDT Tue Aug 01 2017
attempting to connect..
connected to ftp.nhc.noaa.gov at 2017-08-01 10:03:07.903327, attempting to log in
logged in..
switching directories
Tropical Depression Irwin Advisory Number  41
800 AM PDT Tue Aug 01 2017
complete
attempting to connect..
connected to ftp.nhc.noaa.gov at 2017-08-02 10:03:03.225265, attempting to log in
logged in..
switching directories
complete
attempting to connect..
connected to ftp.nhc.noaa.gov at 2017-08-03 10:03:03.348117, attempting to log in
logged in..
switching directories
complete
attempting to connect..
connected to ftp.nhc.noaa.gov at 2017-08-04 10:03:04.325381, attempting to log in
logged in..
switching directories

attempting to connect..
connected to ftp.nhc.noaa.gov at 2017-08-04 10:03:09.701037, attempting to log in
logged in..
switching directories
Tropical Depression Eleven-E Advisory Number   1
900 AM MDT Fri Aug 04 2017
complete
attempting to connect..
connected to ftp.nhc.noaa.gov at 2017-08-05 10:03:03.055633, attempting to log in
logged in..
switching directories
attempting to connect..
connected to ftp.nhc.noaa.gov at 2017-08-06 10:03:02.741070, attempting to log in
logged in..
switching directories
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
al012017 LINESTRING (-40.9 31.9, -40 32.4, -39.3 33.2, -39.3 34.4, -40 36.1, -42 37.7, -44.2 39.4, -48 40, -49.9 39.3)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
al012017 LINESTRING (-40.9 31.9, -40 32.4, -39.3 33.2, -39.3 34.4, -40 36.1, -42 37.7, -44.2 39.4, -48 40, -49.9 39.3)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
al012017 LINESTRING (-40.9 31.9, -40 32.4, -39.3 33.2, -39.3 34.4, -40 36.1, -42 37.7, -44.2 39.4, -48 40, -49.9 39.3)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
al012017 LINESTRING (-40.9 31.9, -40 32.4, -39.3 33.2, -39.3 34.4, -40 36.1, -42 37.7, -44.2 39.4, -48 40, -49.9 39.3)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
al012017 LINESTRING (-40.9 31.9, -40 32.4, -39.3 33.2, -39.3 34.4, -40 36.1, -42 37.7, -44.2 39.4, -48 40, -49.9 39.3)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
al012017 LINESTRING (-40.9 31.9, -40 32.4, -39.3 33.2, -39.3 34.4, -40 36.1, -42 37.7, -44.2 39.4, -48 40, -49.9 39.3)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
al012017 LINESTRING (-40.9 31.9, -40 32.4, -39.3 33.2, -39.3 34.4, -40 36.1, -42 37.7, -44.2 39.4, -48 40, -49.9 39.3)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
al012017 LINESTRING (-40.9 31.9, -40 32.4, -39.3 33.2, -39.3 34.4, -40 36.1, -42 37.7, -44.2 39.4, -48 40, -49.9 39.3)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
al012017 LINESTRING (-40.9 31.9, -40 32.4, -39.3 33.2, -39.3 34.4, -40 36.1, -42 37.7, -44.2 39.4, -48 40, -49.9 39.3)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep012017 LINESTRING (-91.3 9.300000000000001, -92.3 9.5, -92.7 10, -92.7 10.4, -92.7 10.5, -93.09999999999999 10.5, -93.5 10.9, -93.8 11.3)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
ep012017 LINESTRING (-91.3 9.300000000000001, -92.3 9.5, -92.7 10, -92.7 10.4, -92.7 10.5, -93.09999999999999 10.5, -93.5 10.9, -93.8 11.3)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
ep012017 LINESTRING (-91.3 9.300000000000001, -92.3 9.5, -92.7 10, -92.7 10.4, -92.7 10.5, -93.09999999999999 10.5, -93.5 10.9, -93.8 11.3)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep012017 LINESTRING (-91.3 9.300000000000001, -92.3 9.5, -92.7 10, -92.7 10.4, -92.7 10.5, -93.09999999999999 10.5, -93.5 10.9, -93.8 11.3)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep012017 LINESTRING (-91.3 9.300000000000001, -92.3 9.5, -92.7 10, -92.7 10.4, -92.7 10.5, -93.09999999999999 10.5, -93.5 10.9, -93.8 11.3)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
ep012017 LINESTRING (-91.3 9.300000000000001, -92.3 9.5, -92.7 10, -92.7 10.4, -92.7 10.5, -93.09999999999999 10.5, -93.5 10.9, -93.8 11.3)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
ep012017 LINESTRING (-91.3 9.300000000000001, -92.3 9.5, -92.7 10, -92.7 10.4, -92.7 10.5, -93.09999999999999 10.5, -93.5 10.9, -93.8 11.3)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep012017 LINESTRING (-91.3 9.300000000000001, -92.3 9.5, -92.7 10, -92.7 10.4, -92.7 10.5, -93.09999999999999 10.5, -93.5 10.9, -93.8 11.3)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
al042017 LINESTRING (-38.4 12.8, -40 13.2, -42.6 13.2, -44.9 13.1, -46.7 13.4, -48.8 15, -50.9 15.6, -52.5 16.5)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
al042017 LINESTRING (-38.4 12.8, -40 13.2, -42.6 13.2, -44.9 13.1, -46.7 13.4, -48.8 15, -50.9 15.6, -52.5 16.5)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
al042017 LINESTRING (-38.4 12.8, -40 13.2, -42.6 13.2, -44.9 13.1, -46.7 13.4, -48.8 15, -50.9 15.6, -52.5 16.5)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
al042017 LINESTRING (-38.4 12.8, -40 13.2, -42.6 13.2, -44.9 13.1, -46.7 13.4, -48.8 15, -50.9 15.6, -52.5 16.5)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
al042017 LINESTRING (-38.4 12.8, -40 13.2, -42.6 13.2, -44.9 13.1, -46.7 13.4, -48.8 15, -50.9 15.6, -52.5 16.5)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
al042017 LINESTRING (-38.4 12.8, -40 13.2, -42.6 13.2, -44.9 13.1, -46.7 13.4, -48.8 15, -50.9 15.6, -52.5 16.5)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
al042017 LINESTRING (-38.4 12.8, -40 13.2, -42.6 13.2, -44.9 13.1, -46.7 13.4, -48.8 15, -50.9 15.6, -52.5 16.5)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
al042017 LINESTRING (-38.4 12.8, -40 13.2, -42.6 13.2, -44.9 13.1, -46.7 13.4, -48.8 15, -50.9 15.6, -52.5 16.5)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
al052017 LINESTRING (-52.6 11.2, -53.8 11.2, -54.6 11.3, -55.4 11.4, -56.2 11.5, -57 11.4, -58 11.5, -58.7 11.5, -60 11.7, -61.4 11.9, -62.5 11.9)
None
al052017 LINESTRING (-52.6 11.2, -53.8 11.2, -54.6 11.3, -55.4 11.4, -56.2 11.5, -57 11.4, -58 11.5, -58.7 11.5, -60 11.7, -61.4 11.9, -62.5 11.9)
None
al052017 LINESTRING (-52.6 11.2, -53.8 11.2, -54.6 11.3, -55.4 11.4, -56.2 11.5, -57 11.4, -58 11.5, -58.7 11.5, -60 11.7, -61.4 11.9, -62.5 11.9)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
al052017 LINESTRING (-52.6 11.2, -53.8 11.2, -54.6 11.3, -55.4 11.4, -56.2 11.5, -57 11.4, -58 11.5, -58.7 11.5, -60 11.7, -61.4 11.9, -62.5 11.9)
None
al052017 LINESTRING (-52.6 11.2, -53.8 11.2, -54.6 11.3, -55.4 11.4, -56.2 11.5, -57 11.4, -58 11.5, -58.7 11.5, -60 11.7, -61.4 11.9, -62.5 11.9)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
al052017 LINESTRING (-52.6 11.2, -53.8 11.2, -54.6 11.3, -55.4 11.4, -56.2 11.5, -57 11.4, -58 11.5, -58.7 11.5, -60 11.7, -61.4 11.9, -62.5 11.9)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep082017 LINESTRING (-118.8 14.6, -119.4 14.9, -119.9 14.8, -120.8 14.6, -121.1 14.5, -121.7 14.1, -122.2 13.9, -122.6 13.7, -123.1 13.4, -123.9 13.3)
None
al052017 LINESTRING (-52.6 11.2, -53.8 11.2, -54.6 11.3, -55.4 11.4, -56.2 11.5, -57 11.4, -58 11.5, -58.7 11.5, -60 11.7, -61.4 11.9, -62.5 11.9)
None
al052017 LINESTRING (-52.6 11.2, -53.8 11.2, -54.6 11.3, -55.4 11.4, -56.2 11.5, -57 11.4, -58 11.5, -58.7 11.5, -60 11.7, -61.4 11.9, -62.5 11.9)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep082017 LINESTRING (-118.8 14.6, -119.4 14.9, -119.9 14.8, -120.8 14.6, -121.1 14.5, -121.7 14.1, -122.2 13.9, -122.6 13.7, -123.1 13.4, -123.9 13.3)
None
al052017 LINESTRING (-52.6 11.2, -53.8 11.2, -54.6 11.3, -55.4 11.4, -56.2 11.5, -57 11.4, -58 11.5, -58.7 11.5, -60 11.7, -61.4 11.9, -62.5 11.9)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
al052017 LINESTRING (-52.6 11.2, -53.8 11.2, -54.6 11.3, -55.4 11.4, -56.2 11.5, -57 11.4, -58 11.5, -58.7 11.5, -60 11.7, -61.4 11.9, -62.5 11.9)
None
al052017 LINESTRING (-52.6 11.2, -53.8 11.2, -54.6 11.3, -55.4 11.4, -56.2 11.5, -57 11.4, -58 11.5, -58.7 11.5, -60 11.7, -61.4 11.9, -62.5 11.9)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep082017 LINESTRING (-118.8 14.6, -119.4 14.9, -119.9 14.8, -120.8 14.6, -121.1 14.5, -121.7 14.1, -122.2 13.9, -122.6 13.7, -123.1 13.4, -123.9 13.3)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep082017 LINESTRING (-118.8 14.6, -119.4 14.9, -119.9 14.8, -120.8 14.6, -121.1 14.5, -121.7 14.1, -122.2 13.9, -122.6 13.7, -123.1 13.4, -123.9 13.3)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep082017 LINESTRING (-118.8 14.6, -119.4 14.9, -119.9 14.8, -120.8 14.6, -121.1 14.5, -121.7 14.1, -122.2 13.9, -122.6 13.7, -123.1 13.4, -123.9 13.3)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep082017 LINESTRING (-118.8 14.6, -119.4 14.9, -119.9 14.8, -120.8 14.6, -121.1 14.5, -121.7 14.1, -122.2 13.9, -122.6 13.7, -123.1 13.4, -123.9 13.3)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep082017 LINESTRING (-118.8 14.6, -119.4 14.9, -119.9 14.8, -120.8 14.6, -121.1 14.5, -121.7 14.1, -122.2 13.9, -122.6 13.7, -123.1 13.4, -123.9 13.3)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep082017 LINESTRING (-118.8 14.6, -119.4 14.9, -119.9 14.8, -120.8 14.6, -121.1 14.5, -121.7 14.1, -122.2 13.9, -122.6 13.7, -123.1 13.4, -123.9 13.3)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep082017 LINESTRING (-118.8 14.6, -119.4 14.9, -119.9 14.8, -120.8 14.6, -121.1 14.5, -121.7 14.1, -122.2 13.9, -122.6 13.7, -123.1 13.4, -123.9 13.3)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep082017 LINESTRING (-118.8 14.6, -119.4 14.9, -119.9 14.8, -120.8 14.6, -121.1 14.5, -121.7 14.1, -122.2 13.9, -122.6 13.7, -123.1 13.4, -123.9 13.3)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
al062017 LINESTRING (-83.5 27.7, -83.2 27.7, -82.8 27.6, -82.2 27.6, -81.7 27.8, -81 27.5, -80.09999999999999 28.3, -78.90000000000001 29.3, -77.7 30.3, -78 30.9)
None
al062017 LINESTRING (-83.5 27.7, -83.2 27.7, -82.8 27.6, -82.2 27.6, -81.7 27.8, -81 27.5, -80.09999999999999 28.3, -78.90000000000001 29.3, -77.7 30.3, -78 30.9)
None
al062017 LINESTRING (-83.5 27.7, -83.2 27.7, -82.8 27.6, -82.2 27.6, -81.7 27.8, -81 27.5, -80.09999999999999 28.3, -78.90000000000001 29.3, -77.7 30.3, -78 30.9)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
al062017 LINESTRING (-83.5 27.7, -83.2 27.7, -82.8 27.6, -82.2 27.6, -81.7 27.8, -81 27.5, -80.09999999999999 28.3, -78.90000000000001 29.3, -77.7 30.3, -78 30.9)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
al062017 LINESTRING (-83.5 27.7, -83.2 27.7, -82.8 27.6, -82.2 27.6, -81.7 27.8, -81 27.5, -80.09999999999999 28.3, -78.90000000000001 29.3, -77.7 30.3, -78 30.9)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
al062017 LINESTRING (-83.5 27.7, -83.2 27.7, -82.8 27.6, -82.2 27.6, -81.7 27.8, -81 27.5, -80.09999999999999 28.3, -78.90000000000001 29.3, -77.7 30.3, -78 30.9)
None
al062017 LINESTRING (-83.5 27.7, -83.2 27.7, -82.8 27.6, -82.2 27.6, -81.7 27.8, -81 27.5, -80.09999999999999 28.3, -78.90000000000001 29.3, -77.7 30.3, -78 30.9)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
al062017 LINESTRING (-83.5 27.7, -83.2 27.7, -82.8 27.6, -82.2 27.6, -81.7 27.8, -81 27.5, -80.09999999999999 28.3, -78.90000000000001 29.3, -77.7 30.3, -78 30.9)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
al062017 LINESTRING (-83.5 27.7, -83.2 27.7, -82.8 27.6, -82.2 27.6, -81.7 27.8, -81 27.5, -80.09999999999999 28.3, -78.90000000000001 29.3, -77.7 30.3, -78 30.9)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
al062017 LINESTRING (-83.5 27.7, -83.2 27.7, -82.8 27.6, -82.2 27.6, -81.7 27.8, -81 27.5, -80.09999999999999 28.3, -78.90000000000001 29.3, -77.7 30.3, -78 30.9)
None
ep112017 LINESTRING (-109.2 17.7, -110.2 18, -111 18.6, -111.4 19.2, -111.3 19.6, -111.7 20.3)
None
ep112017 LINESTRING (-109.2 17.7, -110.2 18, -111 18.6, -111.4 19.2, -111.3 19.6, -111.7 20.3)
None
ep112017 LINESTRING (-109.2 17.7, -110.2 18, -111 18.6, -111.4 19.2, -111.3 19.6, -111.7 20.3)
None
ep112017 LINESTRING (-109.2 17.7, -110.2 18, -111 18.6, -111.4 19.2, -111.3 19.6, -111.7 20.3)
None
ep112017 LINESTRING (-109.2 17.7, -110.2 18, -111 18.6, -111.4 19.2, -111.3 19.6, -111.7 20.3)
None
ep112017 LINESTRING (-109.2 17.7, -110.2 18, -111 18.6, -111.4 19.2, -111.3 19.6, -111.7 20.3)
complete
attempting to connect..
connected to ftp.nhc.noaa.gov at 2017-08-07 10:03:03.552103, attempting to log in
logged in..
switching directories
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
al012017 LINESTRING (-40.9 31.9, -40 32.4, -39.3 33.2, -39.3 34.4, -40 36.1, -42 37.7, -44.2 39.4, -48 40, -49.9 39.3)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
al012017 LINESTRING (-40.9 31.9, -40 32.4, -39.3 33.2, -39.3 34.4, -40 36.1, -42 37.7, -44.2 39.4, -48 40, -49.9 39.3)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
al012017 LINESTRING (-40.9 31.9, -40 32.4, -39.3 33.2, -39.3 34.4, -40 36.1, -42 37.7, -44.2 39.4, -48 40, -49.9 39.3)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
al012017 LINESTRING (-40.9 31.9, -40 32.4, -39.3 33.2, -39.3 34.4, -40 36.1, -42 37.7, -44.2 39.4, -48 40, -49.9 39.3)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
al012017 LINESTRING (-40.9 31.9, -40 32.4, -39.3 33.2, -39.3 34.4, -40 36.1, -42 37.7, -44.2 39.4, -48 40, -49.9 39.3)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
al012017 LINESTRING (-40.9 31.9, -40 32.4, -39.3 33.2, -39.3 34.4, -40 36.1, -42 37.7, -44.2 39.4, -48 40, -49.9 39.3)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
al012017 LINESTRING (-40.9 31.9, -40 32.4, -39.3 33.2, -39.3 34.4, -40 36.1, -42 37.7, -44.2 39.4, -48 40, -49.9 39.3)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
al012017 LINESTRING (-40.9 31.9, -40 32.4, -39.3 33.2, -39.3 34.4, -40 36.1, -42 37.7, -44.2 39.4, -48 40, -49.9 39.3)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
al012017 LINESTRING (-40.9 31.9, -40 32.4, -39.3 33.2, -39.3 34.4, -40 36.1, -42 37.7, -44.2 39.4, -48 40, -49.9 39.3)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep012017 LINESTRING (-91.3 9.300000000000001, -92.3 9.5, -92.7 10, -92.7 10.4, -92.7 10.5, -93.09999999999999 10.5, -93.5 10.9, -93.8 11.3)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
ep012017 LINESTRING (-91.3 9.300000000000001, -92.3 9.5, -92.7 10, -92.7 10.4, -92.7 10.5, -93.09999999999999 10.5, -93.5 10.9, -93.8 11.3)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
ep012017 LINESTRING (-91.3 9.300000000000001, -92.3 9.5, -92.7 10, -92.7 10.4, -92.7 10.5, -93.09999999999999 10.5, -93.5 10.9, -93.8 11.3)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep012017 LINESTRING (-91.3 9.300000000000001, -92.3 9.5, -92.7 10, -92.7 10.4, -92.7 10.5, -93.09999999999999 10.5, -93.5 10.9, -93.8 11.3)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep012017 LINESTRING (-91.3 9.300000000000001, -92.3 9.5, -92.7 10, -92.7 10.4, -92.7 10.5, -93.09999999999999 10.5, -93.5 10.9, -93.8 11.3)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
ep012017 LINESTRING (-91.3 9.300000000000001, -92.3 9.5, -92.7 10, -92.7 10.4, -92.7 10.5, -93.09999999999999 10.5, -93.5 10.9, -93.8 11.3)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
ep012017 LINESTRING (-91.3 9.300000000000001, -92.3 9.5, -92.7 10, -92.7 10.4, -92.7 10.5, -93.09999999999999 10.5, -93.5 10.9, -93.8 11.3)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep012017 LINESTRING (-91.3 9.300000000000001, -92.3 9.5, -92.7 10, -92.7 10.4, -92.7 10.5, -93.09999999999999 10.5, -93.5 10.9, -93.8 11.3)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
al042017 LINESTRING (-38.4 12.8, -40 13.2, -42.6 13.2, -44.9 13.1, -46.7 13.4, -48.8 15, -50.9 15.6, -52.5 16.5)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
al042017 LINESTRING (-38.4 12.8, -40 13.2, -42.6 13.2, -44.9 13.1, -46.7 13.4, -48.8 15, -50.9 15.6, -52.5 16.5)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
al042017 LINESTRING (-38.4 12.8, -40 13.2, -42.6 13.2, -44.9 13.1, -46.7 13.4, -48.8 15, -50.9 15.6, -52.5 16.5)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
al042017 LINESTRING (-38.4 12.8, -40 13.2, -42.6 13.2, -44.9 13.1, -46.7 13.4, -48.8 15, -50.9 15.6, -52.5 16.5)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
al042017 LINESTRING (-38.4 12.8, -40 13.2, -42.6 13.2, -44.9 13.1, -46.7 13.4, -48.8 15, -50.9 15.6, -52.5 16.5)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
al042017 LINESTRING (-38.4 12.8, -40 13.2, -42.6 13.2, -44.9 13.1, -46.7 13.4, -48.8 15, -50.9 15.6, -52.5 16.5)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
al042017 LINESTRING (-38.4 12.8, -40 13.2, -42.6 13.2, -44.9 13.1, -46.7 13.4, -48.8 15, -50.9 15.6, -52.5 16.5)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
al042017 LINESTRING (-38.4 12.8, -40 13.2, -42.6 13.2, -44.9 13.1, -46.7 13.4, -48.8 15, -50.9 15.6, -52.5 16.5)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
al052017 LINESTRING (-52.6 11.2, -53.8 11.2, -54.6 11.3, -55.4 11.4, -56.2 11.5, -57 11.4, -58 11.5, -58.7 11.5, -60 11.7, -61.4 11.9, -62.5 11.9)
None
al052017 LINESTRING (-52.6 11.2, -53.8 11.2, -54.6 11.3, -55.4 11.4, -56.2 11.5, -57 11.4, -58 11.5, -58.7 11.5, -60 11.7, -61.4 11.9, -62.5 11.9)
None
al052017 LINESTRING (-52.6 11.2, -53.8 11.2, -54.6 11.3, -55.4 11.4, -56.2 11.5, -57 11.4, -58 11.5, -58.7 11.5, -60 11.7, -61.4 11.9, -62.5 11.9)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
al052017 LINESTRING (-52.6 11.2, -53.8 11.2, -54.6 11.3, -55.4 11.4, -56.2 11.5, -57 11.4, -58 11.5, -58.7 11.5, -60 11.7, -61.4 11.9, -62.5 11.9)
None
al052017 LINESTRING (-52.6 11.2, -53.8 11.2, -54.6 11.3, -55.4 11.4, -56.2 11.5, -57 11.4, -58 11.5, -58.7 11.5, -60 11.7, -61.4 11.9, -62.5 11.9)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
al052017 LINESTRING (-52.6 11.2, -53.8 11.2, -54.6 11.3, -55.4 11.4, -56.2 11.5, -57 11.4, -58 11.5, -58.7 11.5, -60 11.7, -61.4 11.9, -62.5 11.9)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep082017 LINESTRING (-118.8 14.6, -119.4 14.9, -119.9 14.8, -120.8 14.6, -121.1 14.5, -121.7 14.1, -122.2 13.9, -122.6 13.7, -123.1 13.4, -123.9 13.3)
None
al052017 LINESTRING (-52.6 11.2, -53.8 11.2, -54.6 11.3, -55.4 11.4, -56.2 11.5, -57 11.4, -58 11.5, -58.7 11.5, -60 11.7, -61.4 11.9, -62.5 11.9)
None
al052017 LINESTRING (-52.6 11.2, -53.8 11.2, -54.6 11.3, -55.4 11.4, -56.2 11.5, -57 11.4, -58 11.5, -58.7 11.5, -60 11.7, -61.4 11.9, -62.5 11.9)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep082017 LINESTRING (-118.8 14.6, -119.4 14.9, -119.9 14.8, -120.8 14.6, -121.1 14.5, -121.7 14.1, -122.2 13.9, -122.6 13.7, -123.1 13.4, -123.9 13.3)
None
al052017 LINESTRING (-52.6 11.2, -53.8 11.2, -54.6 11.3, -55.4 11.4, -56.2 11.5, -57 11.4, -58 11.5, -58.7 11.5, -60 11.7, -61.4 11.9, -62.5 11.9)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
al052017 LINESTRING (-52.6 11.2, -53.8 11.2, -54.6 11.3, -55.4 11.4, -56.2 11.5, -57 11.4, -58 11.5, -58.7 11.5, -60 11.7, -61.4 11.9, -62.5 11.9)
None
al052017 LINESTRING (-52.6 11.2, -53.8 11.2, -54.6 11.3, -55.4 11.4, -56.2 11.5, -57 11.4, -58 11.5, -58.7 11.5, -60 11.7, -61.4 11.9, -62.5 11.9)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep082017 LINESTRING (-118.8 14.6, -119.4 14.9, -119.9 14.8, -120.8 14.6, -121.1 14.5, -121.7 14.1, -122.2 13.9, -122.6 13.7, -123.1 13.4, -123.9 13.3)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep082017 LINESTRING (-118.8 14.6, -119.4 14.9, -119.9 14.8, -120.8 14.6, -121.1 14.5, -121.7 14.1, -122.2 13.9, -122.6 13.7, -123.1 13.4, -123.9 13.3)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep082017 LINESTRING (-118.8 14.6, -119.4 14.9, -119.9 14.8, -120.8 14.6, -121.1 14.5, -121.7 14.1, -122.2 13.9, -122.6 13.7, -123.1 13.4, -123.9 13.3)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep082017 LINESTRING (-118.8 14.6, -119.4 14.9, -119.9 14.8, -120.8 14.6, -121.1 14.5, -121.7 14.1, -122.2 13.9, -122.6 13.7, -123.1 13.4, -123.9 13.3)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep082017 LINESTRING (-118.8 14.6, -119.4 14.9, -119.9 14.8, -120.8 14.6, -121.1 14.5, -121.7 14.1, -122.2 13.9, -122.6 13.7, -123.1 13.4, -123.9 13.3)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep082017 LINESTRING (-118.8 14.6, -119.4 14.9, -119.9 14.8, -120.8 14.6, -121.1 14.5, -121.7 14.1, -122.2 13.9, -122.6 13.7, -123.1 13.4, -123.9 13.3)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep082017 LINESTRING (-118.8 14.6, -119.4 14.9, -119.9 14.8, -120.8 14.6, -121.1 14.5, -121.7 14.1, -122.2 13.9, -122.6 13.7, -123.1 13.4, -123.9 13.3)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep082017 LINESTRING (-118.8 14.6, -119.4 14.9, -119.9 14.8, -120.8 14.6, -121.1 14.5, -121.7 14.1, -122.2 13.9, -122.6 13.7, -123.1 13.4, -123.9 13.3)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
al062017 LINESTRING (-83.5 27.7, -83.2 27.7, -82.8 27.6, -82.2 27.6, -81.7 27.8, -81 27.5, -80.09999999999999 28.3, -78.90000000000001 29.3, -77.7 30.3, -78 30.9)
None
al062017 LINESTRING (-83.5 27.7, -83.2 27.7, -82.8 27.6, -82.2 27.6, -81.7 27.8, -81 27.5, -80.09999999999999 28.3, -78.90000000000001 29.3, -77.7 30.3, -78 30.9)
None
al062017 LINESTRING (-83.5 27.7, -83.2 27.7, -82.8 27.6, -82.2 27.6, -81.7 27.8, -81 27.5, -80.09999999999999 28.3, -78.90000000000001 29.3, -77.7 30.3, -78 30.9)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
al062017 LINESTRING (-83.5 27.7, -83.2 27.7, -82.8 27.6, -82.2 27.6, -81.7 27.8, -81 27.5, -80.09999999999999 28.3, -78.90000000000001 29.3, -77.7 30.3, -78 30.9)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
al062017 LINESTRING (-83.5 27.7, -83.2 27.7, -82.8 27.6, -82.2 27.6, -81.7 27.8, -81 27.5, -80.09999999999999 28.3, -78.90000000000001 29.3, -77.7 30.3, -78 30.9)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
al062017 LINESTRING (-83.5 27.7, -83.2 27.7, -82.8 27.6, -82.2 27.6, -81.7 27.8, -81 27.5, -80.09999999999999 28.3, -78.90000000000001 29.3, -77.7 30.3, -78 30.9)
None
al062017 LINESTRING (-83.5 27.7, -83.2 27.7, -82.8 27.6, -82.2 27.6, -81.7 27.8, -81 27.5, -80.09999999999999 28.3, -78.90000000000001 29.3, -77.7 30.3, -78 30.9)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
al062017 LINESTRING (-83.5 27.7, -83.2 27.7, -82.8 27.6, -82.2 27.6, -81.7 27.8, -81 27.5, -80.09999999999999 28.3, -78.90000000000001 29.3, -77.7 30.3, -78 30.9)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
al062017 LINESTRING (-83.5 27.7, -83.2 27.7, -82.8 27.6, -82.2 27.6, -81.7 27.8, -81 27.5, -80.09999999999999 28.3, -78.90000000000001 29.3, -77.7 30.3, -78 30.9)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
al062017 LINESTRING (-83.5 27.7, -83.2 27.7, -82.8 27.6, -82.2 27.6, -81.7 27.8, -81 27.5, -80.09999999999999 28.3, -78.90000000000001 29.3, -77.7 30.3, -78 30.9)
None
ep112017 LINESTRING (-109.2 17.7, -110.2 18, -111 18.6, -111.4 19.2, -111.3 19.6, -111.7 20.3)
None
ep112017 LINESTRING (-109.2 17.7, -110.2 18, -111 18.6, -111.4 19.2, -111.3 19.6, -111.7 20.3)
None
ep112017 LINESTRING (-109.2 17.7, -110.2 18, -111 18.6, -111.4 19.2, -111.3 19.6, -111.7 20.3)
None
ep112017 LINESTRING (-109.2 17.7, -110.2 18, -111 18.6, -111.4 19.2, -111.3 19.6, -111.7 20.3)
None
ep112017 LINESTRING (-109.2 17.7, -110.2 18, -111 18.6, -111.4 19.2, -111.3 19.6, -111.7 20.3)
None
ep112017 LINESTRING (-109.2 17.7, -110.2 18, -111 18.6, -111.4 19.2, -111.3 19.6, -111.7 20.3)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1)
attempting to connect..
connected to ftp.nhc.noaa.gov at 2017-08-07 10:03:09.367067, attempting to log in
logged in..
switching directories
Tropical Storm Franklin Intermediate Advisory Number 3A
800 AM EDT Mon Aug 07 2017
(-84.7, 17.3)
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3)
attempting to connect..
connected to ftp.nhc.noaa.gov at 2017-08-07 10:03:09.570375, attempting to log in
logged in..
switching directories
Tropical Storm Franklin Advisory Number   4
1000 AM CDT Mon Aug 07 2017
(-85.1, 17.7)
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7)
complete
attempting to connect..
connected to ftp.nhc.noaa.gov at 2017-08-08 10:03:03.184235, attempting to log in
logged in..
switching directories
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
al012017 LINESTRING (-40.9 31.9, -40 32.4, -39.3 33.2, -39.3 34.4, -40 36.1, -42 37.7, -44.2 39.4, -48 40, -49.9 39.3)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
al012017 LINESTRING (-40.9 31.9, -40 32.4, -39.3 33.2, -39.3 34.4, -40 36.1, -42 37.7, -44.2 39.4, -48 40, -49.9 39.3)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
al012017 LINESTRING (-40.9 31.9, -40 32.4, -39.3 33.2, -39.3 34.4, -40 36.1, -42 37.7, -44.2 39.4, -48 40, -49.9 39.3)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
al012017 LINESTRING (-40.9 31.9, -40 32.4, -39.3 33.2, -39.3 34.4, -40 36.1, -42 37.7, -44.2 39.4, -48 40, -49.9 39.3)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
al012017 LINESTRING (-40.9 31.9, -40 32.4, -39.3 33.2, -39.3 34.4, -40 36.1, -42 37.7, -44.2 39.4, -48 40, -49.9 39.3)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
al012017 LINESTRING (-40.9 31.9, -40 32.4, -39.3 33.2, -39.3 34.4, -40 36.1, -42 37.7, -44.2 39.4, -48 40, -49.9 39.3)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
al012017 LINESTRING (-40.9 31.9, -40 32.4, -39.3 33.2, -39.3 34.4, -40 36.1, -42 37.7, -44.2 39.4, -48 40, -49.9 39.3)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
al012017 LINESTRING (-40.9 31.9, -40 32.4, -39.3 33.2, -39.3 34.4, -40 36.1, -42 37.7, -44.2 39.4, -48 40, -49.9 39.3)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
al012017 LINESTRING (-40.9 31.9, -40 32.4, -39.3 33.2, -39.3 34.4, -40 36.1, -42 37.7, -44.2 39.4, -48 40, -49.9 39.3)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep012017 LINESTRING (-91.3 9.300000000000001, -92.3 9.5, -92.7 10, -92.7 10.4, -92.7 10.5, -93.09999999999999 10.5, -93.5 10.9, -93.8 11.3)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
ep012017 LINESTRING (-91.3 9.300000000000001, -92.3 9.5, -92.7 10, -92.7 10.4, -92.7 10.5, -93.09999999999999 10.5, -93.5 10.9, -93.8 11.3)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
ep012017 LINESTRING (-91.3 9.300000000000001, -92.3 9.5, -92.7 10, -92.7 10.4, -92.7 10.5, -93.09999999999999 10.5, -93.5 10.9, -93.8 11.3)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep012017 LINESTRING (-91.3 9.300000000000001, -92.3 9.5, -92.7 10, -92.7 10.4, -92.7 10.5, -93.09999999999999 10.5, -93.5 10.9, -93.8 11.3)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep012017 LINESTRING (-91.3 9.300000000000001, -92.3 9.5, -92.7 10, -92.7 10.4, -92.7 10.5, -93.09999999999999 10.5, -93.5 10.9, -93.8 11.3)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
ep012017 LINESTRING (-91.3 9.300000000000001, -92.3 9.5, -92.7 10, -92.7 10.4, -92.7 10.5, -93.09999999999999 10.5, -93.5 10.9, -93.8 11.3)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
ep012017 LINESTRING (-91.3 9.300000000000001, -92.3 9.5, -92.7 10, -92.7 10.4, -92.7 10.5, -93.09999999999999 10.5, -93.5 10.9, -93.8 11.3)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep012017 LINESTRING (-91.3 9.300000000000001, -92.3 9.5, -92.7 10, -92.7 10.4, -92.7 10.5, -93.09999999999999 10.5, -93.5 10.9, -93.8 11.3)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
al042017 LINESTRING (-38.4 12.8, -40 13.2, -42.6 13.2, -44.9 13.1, -46.7 13.4, -48.8 15, -50.9 15.6, -52.5 16.5)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
al042017 LINESTRING (-38.4 12.8, -40 13.2, -42.6 13.2, -44.9 13.1, -46.7 13.4, -48.8 15, -50.9 15.6, -52.5 16.5)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
al042017 LINESTRING (-38.4 12.8, -40 13.2, -42.6 13.2, -44.9 13.1, -46.7 13.4, -48.8 15, -50.9 15.6, -52.5 16.5)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
al042017 LINESTRING (-38.4 12.8, -40 13.2, -42.6 13.2, -44.9 13.1, -46.7 13.4, -48.8 15, -50.9 15.6, -52.5 16.5)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
al042017 LINESTRING (-38.4 12.8, -40 13.2, -42.6 13.2, -44.9 13.1, -46.7 13.4, -48.8 15, -50.9 15.6, -52.5 16.5)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
al042017 LINESTRING (-38.4 12.8, -40 13.2, -42.6 13.2, -44.9 13.1, -46.7 13.4, -48.8 15, -50.9 15.6, -52.5 16.5)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
al042017 LINESTRING (-38.4 12.8, -40 13.2, -42.6 13.2, -44.9 13.1, -46.7 13.4, -48.8 15, -50.9 15.6, -52.5 16.5)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
al042017 LINESTRING (-38.4 12.8, -40 13.2, -42.6 13.2, -44.9 13.1, -46.7 13.4, -48.8 15, -50.9 15.6, -52.5 16.5)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
al052017 LINESTRING (-52.6 11.2, -53.8 11.2, -54.6 11.3, -55.4 11.4, -56.2 11.5, -57 11.4, -58 11.5, -58.7 11.5, -60 11.7, -61.4 11.9, -62.5 11.9)
None
al052017 LINESTRING (-52.6 11.2, -53.8 11.2, -54.6 11.3, -55.4 11.4, -56.2 11.5, -57 11.4, -58 11.5, -58.7 11.5, -60 11.7, -61.4 11.9, -62.5 11.9)
None
al052017 LINESTRING (-52.6 11.2, -53.8 11.2, -54.6 11.3, -55.4 11.4, -56.2 11.5, -57 11.4, -58 11.5, -58.7 11.5, -60 11.7, -61.4 11.9, -62.5 11.9)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
al052017 LINESTRING (-52.6 11.2, -53.8 11.2, -54.6 11.3, -55.4 11.4, -56.2 11.5, -57 11.4, -58 11.5, -58.7 11.5, -60 11.7, -61.4 11.9, -62.5 11.9)
None
al052017 LINESTRING (-52.6 11.2, -53.8 11.2, -54.6 11.3, -55.4 11.4, -56.2 11.5, -57 11.4, -58 11.5, -58.7 11.5, -60 11.7, -61.4 11.9, -62.5 11.9)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
al052017 LINESTRING (-52.6 11.2, -53.8 11.2, -54.6 11.3, -55.4 11.4, -56.2 11.5, -57 11.4, -58 11.5, -58.7 11.5, -60 11.7, -61.4 11.9, -62.5 11.9)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep082017 LINESTRING (-118.8 14.6, -119.4 14.9, -119.9 14.8, -120.8 14.6, -121.1 14.5, -121.7 14.1, -122.2 13.9, -122.6 13.7, -123.1 13.4, -123.9 13.3)
None
al052017 LINESTRING (-52.6 11.2, -53.8 11.2, -54.6 11.3, -55.4 11.4, -56.2 11.5, -57 11.4, -58 11.5, -58.7 11.5, -60 11.7, -61.4 11.9, -62.5 11.9)
None
al052017 LINESTRING (-52.6 11.2, -53.8 11.2, -54.6 11.3, -55.4 11.4, -56.2 11.5, -57 11.4, -58 11.5, -58.7 11.5, -60 11.7, -61.4 11.9, -62.5 11.9)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep082017 LINESTRING (-118.8 14.6, -119.4 14.9, -119.9 14.8, -120.8 14.6, -121.1 14.5, -121.7 14.1, -122.2 13.9, -122.6 13.7, -123.1 13.4, -123.9 13.3)
None
al052017 LINESTRING (-52.6 11.2, -53.8 11.2, -54.6 11.3, -55.4 11.4, -56.2 11.5, -57 11.4, -58 11.5, -58.7 11.5, -60 11.7, -61.4 11.9, -62.5 11.9)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
al052017 LINESTRING (-52.6 11.2, -53.8 11.2, -54.6 11.3, -55.4 11.4, -56.2 11.5, -57 11.4, -58 11.5, -58.7 11.5, -60 11.7, -61.4 11.9, -62.5 11.9)
None
al052017 LINESTRING (-52.6 11.2, -53.8 11.2, -54.6 11.3, -55.4 11.4, -56.2 11.5, -57 11.4, -58 11.5, -58.7 11.5, -60 11.7, -61.4 11.9, -62.5 11.9)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep082017 LINESTRING (-118.8 14.6, -119.4 14.9, -119.9 14.8, -120.8 14.6, -121.1 14.5, -121.7 14.1, -122.2 13.9, -122.6 13.7, -123.1 13.4, -123.9 13.3)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep082017 LINESTRING (-118.8 14.6, -119.4 14.9, -119.9 14.8, -120.8 14.6, -121.1 14.5, -121.7 14.1, -122.2 13.9, -122.6 13.7, -123.1 13.4, -123.9 13.3)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep082017 LINESTRING (-118.8 14.6, -119.4 14.9, -119.9 14.8, -120.8 14.6, -121.1 14.5, -121.7 14.1, -122.2 13.9, -122.6 13.7, -123.1 13.4, -123.9 13.3)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep082017 LINESTRING (-118.8 14.6, -119.4 14.9, -119.9 14.8, -120.8 14.6, -121.1 14.5, -121.7 14.1, -122.2 13.9, -122.6 13.7, -123.1 13.4, -123.9 13.3)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep082017 LINESTRING (-118.8 14.6, -119.4 14.9, -119.9 14.8, -120.8 14.6, -121.1 14.5, -121.7 14.1, -122.2 13.9, -122.6 13.7, -123.1 13.4, -123.9 13.3)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep082017 LINESTRING (-118.8 14.6, -119.4 14.9, -119.9 14.8, -120.8 14.6, -121.1 14.5, -121.7 14.1, -122.2 13.9, -122.6 13.7, -123.1 13.4, -123.9 13.3)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep082017 LINESTRING (-118.8 14.6, -119.4 14.9, -119.9 14.8, -120.8 14.6, -121.1 14.5, -121.7 14.1, -122.2 13.9, -122.6 13.7, -123.1 13.4, -123.9 13.3)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep082017 LINESTRING (-118.8 14.6, -119.4 14.9, -119.9 14.8, -120.8 14.6, -121.1 14.5, -121.7 14.1, -122.2 13.9, -122.6 13.7, -123.1 13.4, -123.9 13.3)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
al062017 LINESTRING (-83.5 27.7, -83.2 27.7, -82.8 27.6, -82.2 27.6, -81.7 27.8, -81 27.5, -80.09999999999999 28.3, -78.90000000000001 29.3, -77.7 30.3, -78 30.9)
None
al062017 LINESTRING (-83.5 27.7, -83.2 27.7, -82.8 27.6, -82.2 27.6, -81.7 27.8, -81 27.5, -80.09999999999999 28.3, -78.90000000000001 29.3, -77.7 30.3, -78 30.9)
None
al062017 LINESTRING (-83.5 27.7, -83.2 27.7, -82.8 27.6, -82.2 27.6, -81.7 27.8, -81 27.5, -80.09999999999999 28.3, -78.90000000000001 29.3, -77.7 30.3, -78 30.9)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
al062017 LINESTRING (-83.5 27.7, -83.2 27.7, -82.8 27.6, -82.2 27.6, -81.7 27.8, -81 27.5, -80.09999999999999 28.3, -78.90000000000001 29.3, -77.7 30.3, -78 30.9)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
al062017 LINESTRING (-83.5 27.7, -83.2 27.7, -82.8 27.6, -82.2 27.6, -81.7 27.8, -81 27.5, -80.09999999999999 28.3, -78.90000000000001 29.3, -77.7 30.3, -78 30.9)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
al062017 LINESTRING (-83.5 27.7, -83.2 27.7, -82.8 27.6, -82.2 27.6, -81.7 27.8, -81 27.5, -80.09999999999999 28.3, -78.90000000000001 29.3, -77.7 30.3, -78 30.9)
None
al062017 LINESTRING (-83.5 27.7, -83.2 27.7, -82.8 27.6, -82.2 27.6, -81.7 27.8, -81 27.5, -80.09999999999999 28.3, -78.90000000000001 29.3, -77.7 30.3, -78 30.9)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
al062017 LINESTRING (-83.5 27.7, -83.2 27.7, -82.8 27.6, -82.2 27.6, -81.7 27.8, -81 27.5, -80.09999999999999 28.3, -78.90000000000001 29.3, -77.7 30.3, -78 30.9)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
al062017 LINESTRING (-83.5 27.7, -83.2 27.7, -82.8 27.6, -82.2 27.6, -81.7 27.8, -81 27.5, -80.09999999999999 28.3, -78.90000000000001 29.3, -77.7 30.3, -78 30.9)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
al062017 LINESTRING (-83.5 27.7, -83.2 27.7, -82.8 27.6, -82.2 27.6, -81.7 27.8, -81 27.5, -80.09999999999999 28.3, -78.90000000000001 29.3, -77.7 30.3, -78 30.9)
None
ep112017 LINESTRING (-109.2 17.7, -110.2 18, -111 18.6, -111.4 19.2, -111.3 19.6, -111.7 20.3)
None
ep112017 LINESTRING (-109.2 17.7, -110.2 18, -111 18.6, -111.4 19.2, -111.3 19.6, -111.7 20.3)
None
ep112017 LINESTRING (-109.2 17.7, -110.2 18, -111 18.6, -111.4 19.2, -111.3 19.6, -111.7 20.3)
None
ep112017 LINESTRING (-109.2 17.7, -110.2 18, -111 18.6, -111.4 19.2, -111.3 19.6, -111.7 20.3)
None
ep112017 LINESTRING (-109.2 17.7, -110.2 18, -111 18.6, -111.4 19.2, -111.3 19.6, -111.7 20.3)
None
ep112017 LINESTRING (-109.2 17.7, -110.2 18, -111 18.6, -111.4 19.2, -111.3 19.6, -111.7 20.3)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3)
attempting to connect..
connected to ftp.nhc.noaa.gov at 2017-08-08 10:03:08.871552, attempting to log in
logged in..
switching directories
Tropical Storm Franklin Intermediate Advisory Number 7A
700 AM CDT Tue Aug 08 2017
(-89.1, 19.5)
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5)
attempting to connect..
connected to ftp.nhc.noaa.gov at 2017-08-08 10:03:09.055945, attempting to log in
logged in..
switching directories
Tropical Storm Franklin Advisory Number   8
1000 AM CDT Tue Aug 08 2017
(-89.6, 19.6)
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6)
complete
attempting to connect..
connected to ftp.nhc.noaa.gov at 2017-08-09 10:03:03.506485, attempting to log in
logged in..
switching directories
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
al012017 LINESTRING (-40.9 31.9, -40 32.4, -39.3 33.2, -39.3 34.4, -40 36.1, -42 37.7, -44.2 39.4, -48 40, -49.9 39.3)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
al012017 LINESTRING (-40.9 31.9, -40 32.4, -39.3 33.2, -39.3 34.4, -40 36.1, -42 37.7, -44.2 39.4, -48 40, -49.9 39.3)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
al012017 LINESTRING (-40.9 31.9, -40 32.4, -39.3 33.2, -39.3 34.4, -40 36.1, -42 37.7, -44.2 39.4, -48 40, -49.9 39.3)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
al012017 LINESTRING (-40.9 31.9, -40 32.4, -39.3 33.2, -39.3 34.4, -40 36.1, -42 37.7, -44.2 39.4, -48 40, -49.9 39.3)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
al012017 LINESTRING (-40.9 31.9, -40 32.4, -39.3 33.2, -39.3 34.4, -40 36.1, -42 37.7, -44.2 39.4, -48 40, -49.9 39.3)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
al012017 LINESTRING (-40.9 31.9, -40 32.4, -39.3 33.2, -39.3 34.4, -40 36.1, -42 37.7, -44.2 39.4, -48 40, -49.9 39.3)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
al012017 LINESTRING (-40.9 31.9, -40 32.4, -39.3 33.2, -39.3 34.4, -40 36.1, -42 37.7, -44.2 39.4, -48 40, -49.9 39.3)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
al012017 LINESTRING (-40.9 31.9, -40 32.4, -39.3 33.2, -39.3 34.4, -40 36.1, -42 37.7, -44.2 39.4, -48 40, -49.9 39.3)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
al012017 LINESTRING (-40.9 31.9, -40 32.4, -39.3 33.2, -39.3 34.4, -40 36.1, -42 37.7, -44.2 39.4, -48 40, -49.9 39.3)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep012017 LINESTRING (-91.3 9.300000000000001, -92.3 9.5, -92.7 10, -92.7 10.4, -92.7 10.5, -93.09999999999999 10.5, -93.5 10.9, -93.8 11.3)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
ep012017 LINESTRING (-91.3 9.300000000000001, -92.3 9.5, -92.7 10, -92.7 10.4, -92.7 10.5, -93.09999999999999 10.5, -93.5 10.9, -93.8 11.3)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
ep012017 LINESTRING (-91.3 9.300000000000001, -92.3 9.5, -92.7 10, -92.7 10.4, -92.7 10.5, -93.09999999999999 10.5, -93.5 10.9, -93.8 11.3)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep012017 LINESTRING (-91.3 9.300000000000001, -92.3 9.5, -92.7 10, -92.7 10.4, -92.7 10.5, -93.09999999999999 10.5, -93.5 10.9, -93.8 11.3)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep012017 LINESTRING (-91.3 9.300000000000001, -92.3 9.5, -92.7 10, -92.7 10.4, -92.7 10.5, -93.09999999999999 10.5, -93.5 10.9, -93.8 11.3)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
ep012017 LINESTRING (-91.3 9.300000000000001, -92.3 9.5, -92.7 10, -92.7 10.4, -92.7 10.5, -93.09999999999999 10.5, -93.5 10.9, -93.8 11.3)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
ep012017 LINESTRING (-91.3 9.300000000000001, -92.3 9.5, -92.7 10, -92.7 10.4, -92.7 10.5, -93.09999999999999 10.5, -93.5 10.9, -93.8 11.3)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep012017 LINESTRING (-91.3 9.300000000000001, -92.3 9.5, -92.7 10, -92.7 10.4, -92.7 10.5, -93.09999999999999 10.5, -93.5 10.9, -93.8 11.3)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
al042017 LINESTRING (-38.4 12.8, -40 13.2, -42.6 13.2, -44.9 13.1, -46.7 13.4, -48.8 15, -50.9 15.6, -52.5 16.5)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
al042017 LINESTRING (-38.4 12.8, -40 13.2, -42.6 13.2, -44.9 13.1, -46.7 13.4, -48.8 15, -50.9 15.6, -52.5 16.5)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
al042017 LINESTRING (-38.4 12.8, -40 13.2, -42.6 13.2, -44.9 13.1, -46.7 13.4, -48.8 15, -50.9 15.6, -52.5 16.5)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
al042017 LINESTRING (-38.4 12.8, -40 13.2, -42.6 13.2, -44.9 13.1, -46.7 13.4, -48.8 15, -50.9 15.6, -52.5 16.5)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
al042017 LINESTRING (-38.4 12.8, -40 13.2, -42.6 13.2, -44.9 13.1, -46.7 13.4, -48.8 15, -50.9 15.6, -52.5 16.5)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
al042017 LINESTRING (-38.4 12.8, -40 13.2, -42.6 13.2, -44.9 13.1, -46.7 13.4, -48.8 15, -50.9 15.6, -52.5 16.5)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
al042017 LINESTRING (-38.4 12.8, -40 13.2, -42.6 13.2, -44.9 13.1, -46.7 13.4, -48.8 15, -50.9 15.6, -52.5 16.5)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
al042017 LINESTRING (-38.4 12.8, -40 13.2, -42.6 13.2, -44.9 13.1, -46.7 13.4, -48.8 15, -50.9 15.6, -52.5 16.5)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
al052017 LINESTRING (-52.6 11.2, -53.8 11.2, -54.6 11.3, -55.4 11.4, -56.2 11.5, -57 11.4, -58 11.5, -58.7 11.5, -60 11.7, -61.4 11.9, -62.5 11.9)
None
al052017 LINESTRING (-52.6 11.2, -53.8 11.2, -54.6 11.3, -55.4 11.4, -56.2 11.5, -57 11.4, -58 11.5, -58.7 11.5, -60 11.7, -61.4 11.9, -62.5 11.9)
None
al052017 LINESTRING (-52.6 11.2, -53.8 11.2, -54.6 11.3, -55.4 11.4, -56.2 11.5, -57 11.4, -58 11.5, -58.7 11.5, -60 11.7, -61.4 11.9, -62.5 11.9)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
al052017 LINESTRING (-52.6 11.2, -53.8 11.2, -54.6 11.3, -55.4 11.4, -56.2 11.5, -57 11.4, -58 11.5, -58.7 11.5, -60 11.7, -61.4 11.9, -62.5 11.9)
None
al052017 LINESTRING (-52.6 11.2, -53.8 11.2, -54.6 11.3, -55.4 11.4, -56.2 11.5, -57 11.4, -58 11.5, -58.7 11.5, -60 11.7, -61.4 11.9, -62.5 11.9)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
al052017 LINESTRING (-52.6 11.2, -53.8 11.2, -54.6 11.3, -55.4 11.4, -56.2 11.5, -57 11.4, -58 11.5, -58.7 11.5, -60 11.7, -61.4 11.9, -62.5 11.9)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep082017 LINESTRING (-118.8 14.6, -119.4 14.9, -119.9 14.8, -120.8 14.6, -121.1 14.5, -121.7 14.1, -122.2 13.9, -122.6 13.7, -123.1 13.4, -123.9 13.3)
None
al052017 LINESTRING (-52.6 11.2, -53.8 11.2, -54.6 11.3, -55.4 11.4, -56.2 11.5, -57 11.4, -58 11.5, -58.7 11.5, -60 11.7, -61.4 11.9, -62.5 11.9)
None
al052017 LINESTRING (-52.6 11.2, -53.8 11.2, -54.6 11.3, -55.4 11.4, -56.2 11.5, -57 11.4, -58 11.5, -58.7 11.5, -60 11.7, -61.4 11.9, -62.5 11.9)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep082017 LINESTRING (-118.8 14.6, -119.4 14.9, -119.9 14.8, -120.8 14.6, -121.1 14.5, -121.7 14.1, -122.2 13.9, -122.6 13.7, -123.1 13.4, -123.9 13.3)
None
al052017 LINESTRING (-52.6 11.2, -53.8 11.2, -54.6 11.3, -55.4 11.4, -56.2 11.5, -57 11.4, -58 11.5, -58.7 11.5, -60 11.7, -61.4 11.9, -62.5 11.9)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
al052017 LINESTRING (-52.6 11.2, -53.8 11.2, -54.6 11.3, -55.4 11.4, -56.2 11.5, -57 11.4, -58 11.5, -58.7 11.5, -60 11.7, -61.4 11.9, -62.5 11.9)
None
al052017 LINESTRING (-52.6 11.2, -53.8 11.2, -54.6 11.3, -55.4 11.4, -56.2 11.5, -57 11.4, -58 11.5, -58.7 11.5, -60 11.7, -61.4 11.9, -62.5 11.9)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep082017 LINESTRING (-118.8 14.6, -119.4 14.9, -119.9 14.8, -120.8 14.6, -121.1 14.5, -121.7 14.1, -122.2 13.9, -122.6 13.7, -123.1 13.4, -123.9 13.3)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep082017 LINESTRING (-118.8 14.6, -119.4 14.9, -119.9 14.8, -120.8 14.6, -121.1 14.5, -121.7 14.1, -122.2 13.9, -122.6 13.7, -123.1 13.4, -123.9 13.3)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep082017 LINESTRING (-118.8 14.6, -119.4 14.9, -119.9 14.8, -120.8 14.6, -121.1 14.5, -121.7 14.1, -122.2 13.9, -122.6 13.7, -123.1 13.4, -123.9 13.3)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep082017 LINESTRING (-118.8 14.6, -119.4 14.9, -119.9 14.8, -120.8 14.6, -121.1 14.5, -121.7 14.1, -122.2 13.9, -122.6 13.7, -123.1 13.4, -123.9 13.3)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep082017 LINESTRING (-118.8 14.6, -119.4 14.9, -119.9 14.8, -120.8 14.6, -121.1 14.5, -121.7 14.1, -122.2 13.9, -122.6 13.7, -123.1 13.4, -123.9 13.3)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep082017 LINESTRING (-118.8 14.6, -119.4 14.9, -119.9 14.8, -120.8 14.6, -121.1 14.5, -121.7 14.1, -122.2 13.9, -122.6 13.7, -123.1 13.4, -123.9 13.3)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep082017 LINESTRING (-118.8 14.6, -119.4 14.9, -119.9 14.8, -120.8 14.6, -121.1 14.5, -121.7 14.1, -122.2 13.9, -122.6 13.7, -123.1 13.4, -123.9 13.3)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep082017 LINESTRING (-118.8 14.6, -119.4 14.9, -119.9 14.8, -120.8 14.6, -121.1 14.5, -121.7 14.1, -122.2 13.9, -122.6 13.7, -123.1 13.4, -123.9 13.3)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
al062017 LINESTRING (-83.5 27.7, -83.2 27.7, -82.8 27.6, -82.2 27.6, -81.7 27.8, -81 27.5, -80.09999999999999 28.3, -78.90000000000001 29.3, -77.7 30.3, -78 30.9)
None
al062017 LINESTRING (-83.5 27.7, -83.2 27.7, -82.8 27.6, -82.2 27.6, -81.7 27.8, -81 27.5, -80.09999999999999 28.3, -78.90000000000001 29.3, -77.7 30.3, -78 30.9)
None
al062017 LINESTRING (-83.5 27.7, -83.2 27.7, -82.8 27.6, -82.2 27.6, -81.7 27.8, -81 27.5, -80.09999999999999 28.3, -78.90000000000001 29.3, -77.7 30.3, -78 30.9)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
al062017 LINESTRING (-83.5 27.7, -83.2 27.7, -82.8 27.6, -82.2 27.6, -81.7 27.8, -81 27.5, -80.09999999999999 28.3, -78.90000000000001 29.3, -77.7 30.3, -78 30.9)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
al062017 LINESTRING (-83.5 27.7, -83.2 27.7, -82.8 27.6, -82.2 27.6, -81.7 27.8, -81 27.5, -80.09999999999999 28.3, -78.90000000000001 29.3, -77.7 30.3, -78 30.9)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
al062017 LINESTRING (-83.5 27.7, -83.2 27.7, -82.8 27.6, -82.2 27.6, -81.7 27.8, -81 27.5, -80.09999999999999 28.3, -78.90000000000001 29.3, -77.7 30.3, -78 30.9)
None
al062017 LINESTRING (-83.5 27.7, -83.2 27.7, -82.8 27.6, -82.2 27.6, -81.7 27.8, -81 27.5, -80.09999999999999 28.3, -78.90000000000001 29.3, -77.7 30.3, -78 30.9)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
al062017 LINESTRING (-83.5 27.7, -83.2 27.7, -82.8 27.6, -82.2 27.6, -81.7 27.8, -81 27.5, -80.09999999999999 28.3, -78.90000000000001 29.3, -77.7 30.3, -78 30.9)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
al062017 LINESTRING (-83.5 27.7, -83.2 27.7, -82.8 27.6, -82.2 27.6, -81.7 27.8, -81 27.5, -80.09999999999999 28.3, -78.90000000000001 29.3, -77.7 30.3, -78 30.9)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
al062017 LINESTRING (-83.5 27.7, -83.2 27.7, -82.8 27.6, -82.2 27.6, -81.7 27.8, -81 27.5, -80.09999999999999 28.3, -78.90000000000001 29.3, -77.7 30.3, -78 30.9)
None
ep112017 LINESTRING (-109.2 17.7, -110.2 18, -111 18.6, -111.4 19.2, -111.3 19.6, -111.7 20.3)
None
ep112017 LINESTRING (-109.2 17.7, -110.2 18, -111 18.6, -111.4 19.2, -111.3 19.6, -111.7 20.3)
None
ep112017 LINESTRING (-109.2 17.7, -110.2 18, -111 18.6, -111.4 19.2, -111.3 19.6, -111.7 20.3)
None
ep112017 LINESTRING (-109.2 17.7, -110.2 18, -111 18.6, -111.4 19.2, -111.3 19.6, -111.7 20.3)
None
ep112017 LINESTRING (-109.2 17.7, -110.2 18, -111 18.6, -111.4 19.2, -111.3 19.6, -111.7 20.3)
None
ep112017 LINESTRING (-109.2 17.7, -110.2 18, -111 18.6, -111.4 19.2, -111.3 19.6, -111.7 20.3)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4)
attempting to connect..
connected to ftp.nhc.noaa.gov at 2017-08-09 10:03:09.321061, attempting to log in
logged in..
switching directories
Tropical Storm Franklin Intermediate Advisory Number 11A
700 AM CDT Wed Aug 09 2017
(-93.4, 20.2)
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2)
attempting to connect..
connected to ftp.nhc.noaa.gov at 2017-08-09 10:03:09.532245, attempting to log in
logged in..
switching directories
Tropical Storm Franklin Advisory Number  12
1000 AM CDT Wed Aug 09 2017
(-93.9, 20.2)
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2)
complete
attempting to connect..
connected to ftp.nhc.noaa.gov at 2017-08-10 10:03:10.730608, attempting to log in
logged in..
switching directories
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
al012017 LINESTRING (-40.9 31.9, -40 32.4, -39.3 33.2, -39.3 34.4, -40 36.1, -42 37.7, -44.2 39.4, -48 40, -49.9 39.3)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
al012017 LINESTRING (-40.9 31.9, -40 32.4, -39.3 33.2, -39.3 34.4, -40 36.1, -42 37.7, -44.2 39.4, -48 40, -49.9 39.3)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
al012017 LINESTRING (-40.9 31.9, -40 32.4, -39.3 33.2, -39.3 34.4, -40 36.1, -42 37.7, -44.2 39.4, -48 40, -49.9 39.3)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
al012017 LINESTRING (-40.9 31.9, -40 32.4, -39.3 33.2, -39.3 34.4, -40 36.1, -42 37.7, -44.2 39.4, -48 40, -49.9 39.3)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
al012017 LINESTRING (-40.9 31.9, -40 32.4, -39.3 33.2, -39.3 34.4, -40 36.1, -42 37.7, -44.2 39.4, -48 40, -49.9 39.3)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
al012017 LINESTRING (-40.9 31.9, -40 32.4, -39.3 33.2, -39.3 34.4, -40 36.1, -42 37.7, -44.2 39.4, -48 40, -49.9 39.3)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
al012017 LINESTRING (-40.9 31.9, -40 32.4, -39.3 33.2, -39.3 34.4, -40 36.1, -42 37.7, -44.2 39.4, -48 40, -49.9 39.3)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
al012017 LINESTRING (-40.9 31.9, -40 32.4, -39.3 33.2, -39.3 34.4, -40 36.1, -42 37.7, -44.2 39.4, -48 40, -49.9 39.3)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
al012017 LINESTRING (-40.9 31.9, -40 32.4, -39.3 33.2, -39.3 34.4, -40 36.1, -42 37.7, -44.2 39.4, -48 40, -49.9 39.3)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep012017 LINESTRING (-91.3 9.300000000000001, -92.3 9.5, -92.7 10, -92.7 10.4, -92.7 10.5, -93.09999999999999 10.5, -93.5 10.9, -93.8 11.3)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
ep012017 LINESTRING (-91.3 9.300000000000001, -92.3 9.5, -92.7 10, -92.7 10.4, -92.7 10.5, -93.09999999999999 10.5, -93.5 10.9, -93.8 11.3)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
ep012017 LINESTRING (-91.3 9.300000000000001, -92.3 9.5, -92.7 10, -92.7 10.4, -92.7 10.5, -93.09999999999999 10.5, -93.5 10.9, -93.8 11.3)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep012017 LINESTRING (-91.3 9.300000000000001, -92.3 9.5, -92.7 10, -92.7 10.4, -92.7 10.5, -93.09999999999999 10.5, -93.5 10.9, -93.8 11.3)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep012017 LINESTRING (-91.3 9.300000000000001, -92.3 9.5, -92.7 10, -92.7 10.4, -92.7 10.5, -93.09999999999999 10.5, -93.5 10.9, -93.8 11.3)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
ep012017 LINESTRING (-91.3 9.300000000000001, -92.3 9.5, -92.7 10, -92.7 10.4, -92.7 10.5, -93.09999999999999 10.5, -93.5 10.9, -93.8 11.3)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
ep012017 LINESTRING (-91.3 9.300000000000001, -92.3 9.5, -92.7 10, -92.7 10.4, -92.7 10.5, -93.09999999999999 10.5, -93.5 10.9, -93.8 11.3)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep012017 LINESTRING (-91.3 9.300000000000001, -92.3 9.5, -92.7 10, -92.7 10.4, -92.7 10.5, -93.09999999999999 10.5, -93.5 10.9, -93.8 11.3)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
al042017 LINESTRING (-38.4 12.8, -40 13.2, -42.6 13.2, -44.9 13.1, -46.7 13.4, -48.8 15, -50.9 15.6, -52.5 16.5)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
al042017 LINESTRING (-38.4 12.8, -40 13.2, -42.6 13.2, -44.9 13.1, -46.7 13.4, -48.8 15, -50.9 15.6, -52.5 16.5)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
al042017 LINESTRING (-38.4 12.8, -40 13.2, -42.6 13.2, -44.9 13.1, -46.7 13.4, -48.8 15, -50.9 15.6, -52.5 16.5)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
al042017 LINESTRING (-38.4 12.8, -40 13.2, -42.6 13.2, -44.9 13.1, -46.7 13.4, -48.8 15, -50.9 15.6, -52.5 16.5)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
al042017 LINESTRING (-38.4 12.8, -40 13.2, -42.6 13.2, -44.9 13.1, -46.7 13.4, -48.8 15, -50.9 15.6, -52.5 16.5)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
al042017 LINESTRING (-38.4 12.8, -40 13.2, -42.6 13.2, -44.9 13.1, -46.7 13.4, -48.8 15, -50.9 15.6, -52.5 16.5)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
al042017 LINESTRING (-38.4 12.8, -40 13.2, -42.6 13.2, -44.9 13.1, -46.7 13.4, -48.8 15, -50.9 15.6, -52.5 16.5)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
al042017 LINESTRING (-38.4 12.8, -40 13.2, -42.6 13.2, -44.9 13.1, -46.7 13.4, -48.8 15, -50.9 15.6, -52.5 16.5)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
al052017 LINESTRING (-52.6 11.2, -53.8 11.2, -54.6 11.3, -55.4 11.4, -56.2 11.5, -57 11.4, -58 11.5, -58.7 11.5, -60 11.7, -61.4 11.9, -62.5 11.9)
None
al052017 LINESTRING (-52.6 11.2, -53.8 11.2, -54.6 11.3, -55.4 11.4, -56.2 11.5, -57 11.4, -58 11.5, -58.7 11.5, -60 11.7, -61.4 11.9, -62.5 11.9)
None
al052017 LINESTRING (-52.6 11.2, -53.8 11.2, -54.6 11.3, -55.4 11.4, -56.2 11.5, -57 11.4, -58 11.5, -58.7 11.5, -60 11.7, -61.4 11.9, -62.5 11.9)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
al052017 LINESTRING (-52.6 11.2, -53.8 11.2, -54.6 11.3, -55.4 11.4, -56.2 11.5, -57 11.4, -58 11.5, -58.7 11.5, -60 11.7, -61.4 11.9, -62.5 11.9)
None
al052017 LINESTRING (-52.6 11.2, -53.8 11.2, -54.6 11.3, -55.4 11.4, -56.2 11.5, -57 11.4, -58 11.5, -58.7 11.5, -60 11.7, -61.4 11.9, -62.5 11.9)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
al052017 LINESTRING (-52.6 11.2, -53.8 11.2, -54.6 11.3, -55.4 11.4, -56.2 11.5, -57 11.4, -58 11.5, -58.7 11.5, -60 11.7, -61.4 11.9, -62.5 11.9)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep082017 LINESTRING (-118.8 14.6, -119.4 14.9, -119.9 14.8, -120.8 14.6, -121.1 14.5, -121.7 14.1, -122.2 13.9, -122.6 13.7, -123.1 13.4, -123.9 13.3)
None
al052017 LINESTRING (-52.6 11.2, -53.8 11.2, -54.6 11.3, -55.4 11.4, -56.2 11.5, -57 11.4, -58 11.5, -58.7 11.5, -60 11.7, -61.4 11.9, -62.5 11.9)
None
al052017 LINESTRING (-52.6 11.2, -53.8 11.2, -54.6 11.3, -55.4 11.4, -56.2 11.5, -57 11.4, -58 11.5, -58.7 11.5, -60 11.7, -61.4 11.9, -62.5 11.9)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep082017 LINESTRING (-118.8 14.6, -119.4 14.9, -119.9 14.8, -120.8 14.6, -121.1 14.5, -121.7 14.1, -122.2 13.9, -122.6 13.7, -123.1 13.4, -123.9 13.3)
None
al052017 LINESTRING (-52.6 11.2, -53.8 11.2, -54.6 11.3, -55.4 11.4, -56.2 11.5, -57 11.4, -58 11.5, -58.7 11.5, -60 11.7, -61.4 11.9, -62.5 11.9)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
al052017 LINESTRING (-52.6 11.2, -53.8 11.2, -54.6 11.3, -55.4 11.4, -56.2 11.5, -57 11.4, -58 11.5, -58.7 11.5, -60 11.7, -61.4 11.9, -62.5 11.9)
None
al052017 LINESTRING (-52.6 11.2, -53.8 11.2, -54.6 11.3, -55.4 11.4, -56.2 11.5, -57 11.4, -58 11.5, -58.7 11.5, -60 11.7, -61.4 11.9, -62.5 11.9)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep082017 LINESTRING (-118.8 14.6, -119.4 14.9, -119.9 14.8, -120.8 14.6, -121.1 14.5, -121.7 14.1, -122.2 13.9, -122.6 13.7, -123.1 13.4, -123.9 13.3)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep082017 LINESTRING (-118.8 14.6, -119.4 14.9, -119.9 14.8, -120.8 14.6, -121.1 14.5, -121.7 14.1, -122.2 13.9, -122.6 13.7, -123.1 13.4, -123.9 13.3)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep082017 LINESTRING (-118.8 14.6, -119.4 14.9, -119.9 14.8, -120.8 14.6, -121.1 14.5, -121.7 14.1, -122.2 13.9, -122.6 13.7, -123.1 13.4, -123.9 13.3)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep082017 LINESTRING (-118.8 14.6, -119.4 14.9, -119.9 14.8, -120.8 14.6, -121.1 14.5, -121.7 14.1, -122.2 13.9, -122.6 13.7, -123.1 13.4, -123.9 13.3)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep082017 LINESTRING (-118.8 14.6, -119.4 14.9, -119.9 14.8, -120.8 14.6, -121.1 14.5, -121.7 14.1, -122.2 13.9, -122.6 13.7, -123.1 13.4, -123.9 13.3)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep082017 LINESTRING (-118.8 14.6, -119.4 14.9, -119.9 14.8, -120.8 14.6, -121.1 14.5, -121.7 14.1, -122.2 13.9, -122.6 13.7, -123.1 13.4, -123.9 13.3)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep082017 LINESTRING (-118.8 14.6, -119.4 14.9, -119.9 14.8, -120.8 14.6, -121.1 14.5, -121.7 14.1, -122.2 13.9, -122.6 13.7, -123.1 13.4, -123.9 13.3)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep082017 LINESTRING (-118.8 14.6, -119.4 14.9, -119.9 14.8, -120.8 14.6, -121.1 14.5, -121.7 14.1, -122.2 13.9, -122.6 13.7, -123.1 13.4, -123.9 13.3)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
al062017 LINESTRING (-83.5 27.7, -83.2 27.7, -82.8 27.6, -82.2 27.6, -81.7 27.8, -81 27.5, -80.09999999999999 28.3, -78.90000000000001 29.3, -77.7 30.3, -78 30.9)
None
al062017 LINESTRING (-83.5 27.7, -83.2 27.7, -82.8 27.6, -82.2 27.6, -81.7 27.8, -81 27.5, -80.09999999999999 28.3, -78.90000000000001 29.3, -77.7 30.3, -78 30.9)
None
al062017 LINESTRING (-83.5 27.7, -83.2 27.7, -82.8 27.6, -82.2 27.6, -81.7 27.8, -81 27.5, -80.09999999999999 28.3, -78.90000000000001 29.3, -77.7 30.3, -78 30.9)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
al062017 LINESTRING (-83.5 27.7, -83.2 27.7, -82.8 27.6, -82.2 27.6, -81.7 27.8, -81 27.5, -80.09999999999999 28.3, -78.90000000000001 29.3, -77.7 30.3, -78 30.9)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
al062017 LINESTRING (-83.5 27.7, -83.2 27.7, -82.8 27.6, -82.2 27.6, -81.7 27.8, -81 27.5, -80.09999999999999 28.3, -78.90000000000001 29.3, -77.7 30.3, -78 30.9)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
al062017 LINESTRING (-83.5 27.7, -83.2 27.7, -82.8 27.6, -82.2 27.6, -81.7 27.8, -81 27.5, -80.09999999999999 28.3, -78.90000000000001 29.3, -77.7 30.3, -78 30.9)
None
al062017 LINESTRING (-83.5 27.7, -83.2 27.7, -82.8 27.6, -82.2 27.6, -81.7 27.8, -81 27.5, -80.09999999999999 28.3, -78.90000000000001 29.3, -77.7 30.3, -78 30.9)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
al062017 LINESTRING (-83.5 27.7, -83.2 27.7, -82.8 27.6, -82.2 27.6, -81.7 27.8, -81 27.5, -80.09999999999999 28.3, -78.90000000000001 29.3, -77.7 30.3, -78 30.9)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
al062017 LINESTRING (-83.5 27.7, -83.2 27.7, -82.8 27.6, -82.2 27.6, -81.7 27.8, -81 27.5, -80.09999999999999 28.3, -78.90000000000001 29.3, -77.7 30.3, -78 30.9)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
al062017 LINESTRING (-83.5 27.7, -83.2 27.7, -82.8 27.6, -82.2 27.6, -81.7 27.8, -81 27.5, -80.09999999999999 28.3, -78.90000000000001 29.3, -77.7 30.3, -78 30.9)
None
ep112017 LINESTRING (-109.2 17.7, -110.2 18, -111 18.6, -111.4 19.2, -111.3 19.6, -111.7 20.3)
None
ep112017 LINESTRING (-109.2 17.7, -110.2 18, -111 18.6, -111.4 19.2, -111.3 19.6, -111.7 20.3)
None
ep112017 LINESTRING (-109.2 17.7, -110.2 18, -111 18.6, -111.4 19.2, -111.3 19.6, -111.7 20.3)
None
ep112017 LINESTRING (-109.2 17.7, -110.2 18, -111 18.6, -111.4 19.2, -111.3 19.6, -111.7 20.3)
None
ep112017 LINESTRING (-109.2 17.7, -110.2 18, -111 18.6, -111.4 19.2, -111.3 19.6, -111.7 20.3)
None
ep112017 LINESTRING (-109.2 17.7, -110.2 18, -111 18.6, -111.4 19.2, -111.3 19.6, -111.7 20.3)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9)
attempting to connect..
connected to ftp.nhc.noaa.gov at 2017-08-10 10:03:17.488061, attempting to log in
logged in..
switching directories
Tropical Storm Franklin Intermediate Advisory Number 15A
700 AM CDT Thu Aug 10 2017
(-98.3, 19.8)
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8)
attempting to connect..
connected to ftp.nhc.noaa.gov at 2017-08-10 10:03:17.707009, attempting to log in
logged in..
switching directories
Remnants Of Franklin Advisory Number  16
1000 AM CDT Thu Aug 10 2017
(-99.2, 19.7)
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
complete
attempting to connect..
connected to ftp.nhc.noaa.gov at 2017-08-11 10:03:04.178906, attempting to log in
logged in..
switching directories
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
al012017 LINESTRING (-40.9 31.9, -40 32.4, -39.3 33.2, -39.3 34.4, -40 36.1, -42 37.7, -44.2 39.4, -48 40, -49.9 39.3)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
al012017 LINESTRING (-40.9 31.9, -40 32.4, -39.3 33.2, -39.3 34.4, -40 36.1, -42 37.7, -44.2 39.4, -48 40, -49.9 39.3)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
al012017 LINESTRING (-40.9 31.9, -40 32.4, -39.3 33.2, -39.3 34.4, -40 36.1, -42 37.7, -44.2 39.4, -48 40, -49.9 39.3)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
al012017 LINESTRING (-40.9 31.9, -40 32.4, -39.3 33.2, -39.3 34.4, -40 36.1, -42 37.7, -44.2 39.4, -48 40, -49.9 39.3)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
al012017 LINESTRING (-40.9 31.9, -40 32.4, -39.3 33.2, -39.3 34.4, -40 36.1, -42 37.7, -44.2 39.4, -48 40, -49.9 39.3)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
al012017 LINESTRING (-40.9 31.9, -40 32.4, -39.3 33.2, -39.3 34.4, -40 36.1, -42 37.7, -44.2 39.4, -48 40, -49.9 39.3)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
al012017 LINESTRING (-40.9 31.9, -40 32.4, -39.3 33.2, -39.3 34.4, -40 36.1, -42 37.7, -44.2 39.4, -48 40, -49.9 39.3)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
al012017 LINESTRING (-40.9 31.9, -40 32.4, -39.3 33.2, -39.3 34.4, -40 36.1, -42 37.7, -44.2 39.4, -48 40, -49.9 39.3)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
al012017 LINESTRING (-40.9 31.9, -40 32.4, -39.3 33.2, -39.3 34.4, -40 36.1, -42 37.7, -44.2 39.4, -48 40, -49.9 39.3)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep012017 LINESTRING (-91.3 9.300000000000001, -92.3 9.5, -92.7 10, -92.7 10.4, -92.7 10.5, -93.09999999999999 10.5, -93.5 10.9, -93.8 11.3)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
ep012017 LINESTRING (-91.3 9.300000000000001, -92.3 9.5, -92.7 10, -92.7 10.4, -92.7 10.5, -93.09999999999999 10.5, -93.5 10.9, -93.8 11.3)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
ep012017 LINESTRING (-91.3 9.300000000000001, -92.3 9.5, -92.7 10, -92.7 10.4, -92.7 10.5, -93.09999999999999 10.5, -93.5 10.9, -93.8 11.3)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep012017 LINESTRING (-91.3 9.300000000000001, -92.3 9.5, -92.7 10, -92.7 10.4, -92.7 10.5, -93.09999999999999 10.5, -93.5 10.9, -93.8 11.3)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep012017 LINESTRING (-91.3 9.300000000000001, -92.3 9.5, -92.7 10, -92.7 10.4, -92.7 10.5, -93.09999999999999 10.5, -93.5 10.9, -93.8 11.3)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
ep012017 LINESTRING (-91.3 9.300000000000001, -92.3 9.5, -92.7 10, -92.7 10.4, -92.7 10.5, -93.09999999999999 10.5, -93.5 10.9, -93.8 11.3)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
ep012017 LINESTRING (-91.3 9.300000000000001, -92.3 9.5, -92.7 10, -92.7 10.4, -92.7 10.5, -93.09999999999999 10.5, -93.5 10.9, -93.8 11.3)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep012017 LINESTRING (-91.3 9.300000000000001, -92.3 9.5, -92.7 10, -92.7 10.4, -92.7 10.5, -93.09999999999999 10.5, -93.5 10.9, -93.8 11.3)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
al042017 LINESTRING (-38.4 12.8, -40 13.2, -42.6 13.2, -44.9 13.1, -46.7 13.4, -48.8 15, -50.9 15.6, -52.5 16.5)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
al042017 LINESTRING (-38.4 12.8, -40 13.2, -42.6 13.2, -44.9 13.1, -46.7 13.4, -48.8 15, -50.9 15.6, -52.5 16.5)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
al042017 LINESTRING (-38.4 12.8, -40 13.2, -42.6 13.2, -44.9 13.1, -46.7 13.4, -48.8 15, -50.9 15.6, -52.5 16.5)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
al042017 LINESTRING (-38.4 12.8, -40 13.2, -42.6 13.2, -44.9 13.1, -46.7 13.4, -48.8 15, -50.9 15.6, -52.5 16.5)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
al042017 LINESTRING (-38.4 12.8, -40 13.2, -42.6 13.2, -44.9 13.1, -46.7 13.4, -48.8 15, -50.9 15.6, -52.5 16.5)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
al042017 LINESTRING (-38.4 12.8, -40 13.2, -42.6 13.2, -44.9 13.1, -46.7 13.4, -48.8 15, -50.9 15.6, -52.5 16.5)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
al042017 LINESTRING (-38.4 12.8, -40 13.2, -42.6 13.2, -44.9 13.1, -46.7 13.4, -48.8 15, -50.9 15.6, -52.5 16.5)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
al042017 LINESTRING (-38.4 12.8, -40 13.2, -42.6 13.2, -44.9 13.1, -46.7 13.4, -48.8 15, -50.9 15.6, -52.5 16.5)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
al052017 LINESTRING (-52.6 11.2, -53.8 11.2, -54.6 11.3, -55.4 11.4, -56.2 11.5, -57 11.4, -58 11.5, -58.7 11.5, -60 11.7, -61.4 11.9, -62.5 11.9)
None
al052017 LINESTRING (-52.6 11.2, -53.8 11.2, -54.6 11.3, -55.4 11.4, -56.2 11.5, -57 11.4, -58 11.5, -58.7 11.5, -60 11.7, -61.4 11.9, -62.5 11.9)
None
al052017 LINESTRING (-52.6 11.2, -53.8 11.2, -54.6 11.3, -55.4 11.4, -56.2 11.5, -57 11.4, -58 11.5, -58.7 11.5, -60 11.7, -61.4 11.9, -62.5 11.9)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
al052017 LINESTRING (-52.6 11.2, -53.8 11.2, -54.6 11.3, -55.4 11.4, -56.2 11.5, -57 11.4, -58 11.5, -58.7 11.5, -60 11.7, -61.4 11.9, -62.5 11.9)
None
al052017 LINESTRING (-52.6 11.2, -53.8 11.2, -54.6 11.3, -55.4 11.4, -56.2 11.5, -57 11.4, -58 11.5, -58.7 11.5, -60 11.7, -61.4 11.9, -62.5 11.9)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
al052017 LINESTRING (-52.6 11.2, -53.8 11.2, -54.6 11.3, -55.4 11.4, -56.2 11.5, -57 11.4, -58 11.5, -58.7 11.5, -60 11.7, -61.4 11.9, -62.5 11.9)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep082017 LINESTRING (-118.8 14.6, -119.4 14.9, -119.9 14.8, -120.8 14.6, -121.1 14.5, -121.7 14.1, -122.2 13.9, -122.6 13.7, -123.1 13.4, -123.9 13.3)
None
al052017 LINESTRING (-52.6 11.2, -53.8 11.2, -54.6 11.3, -55.4 11.4, -56.2 11.5, -57 11.4, -58 11.5, -58.7 11.5, -60 11.7, -61.4 11.9, -62.5 11.9)
None
al052017 LINESTRING (-52.6 11.2, -53.8 11.2, -54.6 11.3, -55.4 11.4, -56.2 11.5, -57 11.4, -58 11.5, -58.7 11.5, -60 11.7, -61.4 11.9, -62.5 11.9)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep082017 LINESTRING (-118.8 14.6, -119.4 14.9, -119.9 14.8, -120.8 14.6, -121.1 14.5, -121.7 14.1, -122.2 13.9, -122.6 13.7, -123.1 13.4, -123.9 13.3)
None
al052017 LINESTRING (-52.6 11.2, -53.8 11.2, -54.6 11.3, -55.4 11.4, -56.2 11.5, -57 11.4, -58 11.5, -58.7 11.5, -60 11.7, -61.4 11.9, -62.5 11.9)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
al052017 LINESTRING (-52.6 11.2, -53.8 11.2, -54.6 11.3, -55.4 11.4, -56.2 11.5, -57 11.4, -58 11.5, -58.7 11.5, -60 11.7, -61.4 11.9, -62.5 11.9)
None
al052017 LINESTRING (-52.6 11.2, -53.8 11.2, -54.6 11.3, -55.4 11.4, -56.2 11.5, -57 11.4, -58 11.5, -58.7 11.5, -60 11.7, -61.4 11.9, -62.5 11.9)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep082017 LINESTRING (-118.8 14.6, -119.4 14.9, -119.9 14.8, -120.8 14.6, -121.1 14.5, -121.7 14.1, -122.2 13.9, -122.6 13.7, -123.1 13.4, -123.9 13.3)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep082017 LINESTRING (-118.8 14.6, -119.4 14.9, -119.9 14.8, -120.8 14.6, -121.1 14.5, -121.7 14.1, -122.2 13.9, -122.6 13.7, -123.1 13.4, -123.9 13.3)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep082017 LINESTRING (-118.8 14.6, -119.4 14.9, -119.9 14.8, -120.8 14.6, -121.1 14.5, -121.7 14.1, -122.2 13.9, -122.6 13.7, -123.1 13.4, -123.9 13.3)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep082017 LINESTRING (-118.8 14.6, -119.4 14.9, -119.9 14.8, -120.8 14.6, -121.1 14.5, -121.7 14.1, -122.2 13.9, -122.6 13.7, -123.1 13.4, -123.9 13.3)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep082017 LINESTRING (-118.8 14.6, -119.4 14.9, -119.9 14.8, -120.8 14.6, -121.1 14.5, -121.7 14.1, -122.2 13.9, -122.6 13.7, -123.1 13.4, -123.9 13.3)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep082017 LINESTRING (-118.8 14.6, -119.4 14.9, -119.9 14.8, -120.8 14.6, -121.1 14.5, -121.7 14.1, -122.2 13.9, -122.6 13.7, -123.1 13.4, -123.9 13.3)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep082017 LINESTRING (-118.8 14.6, -119.4 14.9, -119.9 14.8, -120.8 14.6, -121.1 14.5, -121.7 14.1, -122.2 13.9, -122.6 13.7, -123.1 13.4, -123.9 13.3)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep082017 LINESTRING (-118.8 14.6, -119.4 14.9, -119.9 14.8, -120.8 14.6, -121.1 14.5, -121.7 14.1, -122.2 13.9, -122.6 13.7, -123.1 13.4, -123.9 13.3)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
al062017 LINESTRING (-83.5 27.7, -83.2 27.7, -82.8 27.6, -82.2 27.6, -81.7 27.8, -81 27.5, -80.09999999999999 28.3, -78.90000000000001 29.3, -77.7 30.3, -78 30.9)
None
al062017 LINESTRING (-83.5 27.7, -83.2 27.7, -82.8 27.6, -82.2 27.6, -81.7 27.8, -81 27.5, -80.09999999999999 28.3, -78.90000000000001 29.3, -77.7 30.3, -78 30.9)
None
al062017 LINESTRING (-83.5 27.7, -83.2 27.7, -82.8 27.6, -82.2 27.6, -81.7 27.8, -81 27.5, -80.09999999999999 28.3, -78.90000000000001 29.3, -77.7 30.3, -78 30.9)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
al062017 LINESTRING (-83.5 27.7, -83.2 27.7, -82.8 27.6, -82.2 27.6, -81.7 27.8, -81 27.5, -80.09999999999999 28.3, -78.90000000000001 29.3, -77.7 30.3, -78 30.9)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
al062017 LINESTRING (-83.5 27.7, -83.2 27.7, -82.8 27.6, -82.2 27.6, -81.7 27.8, -81 27.5, -80.09999999999999 28.3, -78.90000000000001 29.3, -77.7 30.3, -78 30.9)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
al062017 LINESTRING (-83.5 27.7, -83.2 27.7, -82.8 27.6, -82.2 27.6, -81.7 27.8, -81 27.5, -80.09999999999999 28.3, -78.90000000000001 29.3, -77.7 30.3, -78 30.9)
None
al062017 LINESTRING (-83.5 27.7, -83.2 27.7, -82.8 27.6, -82.2 27.6, -81.7 27.8, -81 27.5, -80.09999999999999 28.3, -78.90000000000001 29.3, -77.7 30.3, -78 30.9)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
al062017 LINESTRING (-83.5 27.7, -83.2 27.7, -82.8 27.6, -82.2 27.6, -81.7 27.8, -81 27.5, -80.09999999999999 28.3, -78.90000000000001 29.3, -77.7 30.3, -78 30.9)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
al062017 LINESTRING (-83.5 27.7, -83.2 27.7, -82.8 27.6, -82.2 27.6, -81.7 27.8, -81 27.5, -80.09999999999999 28.3, -78.90000000000001 29.3, -77.7 30.3, -78 30.9)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
al062017 LINESTRING (-83.5 27.7, -83.2 27.7, -82.8 27.6, -82.2 27.6, -81.7 27.8, -81 27.5, -80.09999999999999 28.3, -78.90000000000001 29.3, -77.7 30.3, -78 30.9)
None
ep112017 LINESTRING (-109.2 17.7, -110.2 18, -111 18.6, -111.4 19.2, -111.3 19.6, -111.7 20.3)
None
ep112017 LINESTRING (-109.2 17.7, -110.2 18, -111 18.6, -111.4 19.2, -111.3 19.6, -111.7 20.3)
None
ep112017 LINESTRING (-109.2 17.7, -110.2 18, -111 18.6, -111.4 19.2, -111.3 19.6, -111.7 20.3)
None
ep112017 LINESTRING (-109.2 17.7, -110.2 18, -111 18.6, -111.4 19.2, -111.3 19.6, -111.7 20.3)
None
ep112017 LINESTRING (-109.2 17.7, -110.2 18, -111 18.6, -111.4 19.2, -111.3 19.6, -111.7 20.3)
None
ep112017 LINESTRING (-109.2 17.7, -110.2 18, -111 18.6, -111.4 19.2, -111.3 19.6, -111.7 20.3)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
complete
attempting to connect..
connected to ftp.nhc.noaa.gov at 2017-08-12 10:03:03.610480, attempting to log in
logged in..
switching directories
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
al012017 LINESTRING (-40.9 31.9, -40 32.4, -39.3 33.2, -39.3 34.4, -40 36.1, -42 37.7, -44.2 39.4, -48 40, -49.9 39.3)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
al012017 LINESTRING (-40.9 31.9, -40 32.4, -39.3 33.2, -39.3 34.4, -40 36.1, -42 37.7, -44.2 39.4, -48 40, -49.9 39.3)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
al012017 LINESTRING (-40.9 31.9, -40 32.4, -39.3 33.2, -39.3 34.4, -40 36.1, -42 37.7, -44.2 39.4, -48 40, -49.9 39.3)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
al012017 LINESTRING (-40.9 31.9, -40 32.4, -39.3 33.2, -39.3 34.4, -40 36.1, -42 37.7, -44.2 39.4, -48 40, -49.9 39.3)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
al012017 LINESTRING (-40.9 31.9, -40 32.4, -39.3 33.2, -39.3 34.4, -40 36.1, -42 37.7, -44.2 39.4, -48 40, -49.9 39.3)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
al012017 LINESTRING (-40.9 31.9, -40 32.4, -39.3 33.2, -39.3 34.4, -40 36.1, -42 37.7, -44.2 39.4, -48 40, -49.9 39.3)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
al012017 LINESTRING (-40.9 31.9, -40 32.4, -39.3 33.2, -39.3 34.4, -40 36.1, -42 37.7, -44.2 39.4, -48 40, -49.9 39.3)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
al012017 LINESTRING (-40.9 31.9, -40 32.4, -39.3 33.2, -39.3 34.4, -40 36.1, -42 37.7, -44.2 39.4, -48 40, -49.9 39.3)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
al012017 LINESTRING (-40.9 31.9, -40 32.4, -39.3 33.2, -39.3 34.4, -40 36.1, -42 37.7, -44.2 39.4, -48 40, -49.9 39.3)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep012017 LINESTRING (-91.3 9.300000000000001, -92.3 9.5, -92.7 10, -92.7 10.4, -92.7 10.5, -93.09999999999999 10.5, -93.5 10.9, -93.8 11.3)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
ep012017 LINESTRING (-91.3 9.300000000000001, -92.3 9.5, -92.7 10, -92.7 10.4, -92.7 10.5, -93.09999999999999 10.5, -93.5 10.9, -93.8 11.3)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
ep012017 LINESTRING (-91.3 9.300000000000001, -92.3 9.5, -92.7 10, -92.7 10.4, -92.7 10.5, -93.09999999999999 10.5, -93.5 10.9, -93.8 11.3)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep012017 LINESTRING (-91.3 9.300000000000001, -92.3 9.5, -92.7 10, -92.7 10.4, -92.7 10.5, -93.09999999999999 10.5, -93.5 10.9, -93.8 11.3)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep012017 LINESTRING (-91.3 9.300000000000001, -92.3 9.5, -92.7 10, -92.7 10.4, -92.7 10.5, -93.09999999999999 10.5, -93.5 10.9, -93.8 11.3)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
ep012017 LINESTRING (-91.3 9.300000000000001, -92.3 9.5, -92.7 10, -92.7 10.4, -92.7 10.5, -93.09999999999999 10.5, -93.5 10.9, -93.8 11.3)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
ep012017 LINESTRING (-91.3 9.300000000000001, -92.3 9.5, -92.7 10, -92.7 10.4, -92.7 10.5, -93.09999999999999 10.5, -93.5 10.9, -93.8 11.3)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep012017 LINESTRING (-91.3 9.300000000000001, -92.3 9.5, -92.7 10, -92.7 10.4, -92.7 10.5, -93.09999999999999 10.5, -93.5 10.9, -93.8 11.3)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
al042017 LINESTRING (-38.4 12.8, -40 13.2, -42.6 13.2, -44.9 13.1, -46.7 13.4, -48.8 15, -50.9 15.6, -52.5 16.5)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
al042017 LINESTRING (-38.4 12.8, -40 13.2, -42.6 13.2, -44.9 13.1, -46.7 13.4, -48.8 15, -50.9 15.6, -52.5 16.5)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
al042017 LINESTRING (-38.4 12.8, -40 13.2, -42.6 13.2, -44.9 13.1, -46.7 13.4, -48.8 15, -50.9 15.6, -52.5 16.5)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
al042017 LINESTRING (-38.4 12.8, -40 13.2, -42.6 13.2, -44.9 13.1, -46.7 13.4, -48.8 15, -50.9 15.6, -52.5 16.5)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
al042017 LINESTRING (-38.4 12.8, -40 13.2, -42.6 13.2, -44.9 13.1, -46.7 13.4, -48.8 15, -50.9 15.6, -52.5 16.5)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
al042017 LINESTRING (-38.4 12.8, -40 13.2, -42.6 13.2, -44.9 13.1, -46.7 13.4, -48.8 15, -50.9 15.6, -52.5 16.5)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
al042017 LINESTRING (-38.4 12.8, -40 13.2, -42.6 13.2, -44.9 13.1, -46.7 13.4, -48.8 15, -50.9 15.6, -52.5 16.5)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
al042017 LINESTRING (-38.4 12.8, -40 13.2, -42.6 13.2, -44.9 13.1, -46.7 13.4, -48.8 15, -50.9 15.6, -52.5 16.5)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
al052017 LINESTRING (-52.6 11.2, -53.8 11.2, -54.6 11.3, -55.4 11.4, -56.2 11.5, -57 11.4, -58 11.5, -58.7 11.5, -60 11.7, -61.4 11.9, -62.5 11.9)
None
al052017 LINESTRING (-52.6 11.2, -53.8 11.2, -54.6 11.3, -55.4 11.4, -56.2 11.5, -57 11.4, -58 11.5, -58.7 11.5, -60 11.7, -61.4 11.9, -62.5 11.9)
None
al052017 LINESTRING (-52.6 11.2, -53.8 11.2, -54.6 11.3, -55.4 11.4, -56.2 11.5, -57 11.4, -58 11.5, -58.7 11.5, -60 11.7, -61.4 11.9, -62.5 11.9)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
al052017 LINESTRING (-52.6 11.2, -53.8 11.2, -54.6 11.3, -55.4 11.4, -56.2 11.5, -57 11.4, -58 11.5, -58.7 11.5, -60 11.7, -61.4 11.9, -62.5 11.9)
None
al052017 LINESTRING (-52.6 11.2, -53.8 11.2, -54.6 11.3, -55.4 11.4, -56.2 11.5, -57 11.4, -58 11.5, -58.7 11.5, -60 11.7, -61.4 11.9, -62.5 11.9)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
al052017 LINESTRING (-52.6 11.2, -53.8 11.2, -54.6 11.3, -55.4 11.4, -56.2 11.5, -57 11.4, -58 11.5, -58.7 11.5, -60 11.7, -61.4 11.9, -62.5 11.9)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep082017 LINESTRING (-118.8 14.6, -119.4 14.9, -119.9 14.8, -120.8 14.6, -121.1 14.5, -121.7 14.1, -122.2 13.9, -122.6 13.7, -123.1 13.4, -123.9 13.3)
None
al052017 LINESTRING (-52.6 11.2, -53.8 11.2, -54.6 11.3, -55.4 11.4, -56.2 11.5, -57 11.4, -58 11.5, -58.7 11.5, -60 11.7, -61.4 11.9, -62.5 11.9)
None
al052017 LINESTRING (-52.6 11.2, -53.8 11.2, -54.6 11.3, -55.4 11.4, -56.2 11.5, -57 11.4, -58 11.5, -58.7 11.5, -60 11.7, -61.4 11.9, -62.5 11.9)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep082017 LINESTRING (-118.8 14.6, -119.4 14.9, -119.9 14.8, -120.8 14.6, -121.1 14.5, -121.7 14.1, -122.2 13.9, -122.6 13.7, -123.1 13.4, -123.9 13.3)
None
al052017 LINESTRING (-52.6 11.2, -53.8 11.2, -54.6 11.3, -55.4 11.4, -56.2 11.5, -57 11.4, -58 11.5, -58.7 11.5, -60 11.7, -61.4 11.9, -62.5 11.9)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
al052017 LINESTRING (-52.6 11.2, -53.8 11.2, -54.6 11.3, -55.4 11.4, -56.2 11.5, -57 11.4, -58 11.5, -58.7 11.5, -60 11.7, -61.4 11.9, -62.5 11.9)
None
al052017 LINESTRING (-52.6 11.2, -53.8 11.2, -54.6 11.3, -55.4 11.4, -56.2 11.5, -57 11.4, -58 11.5, -58.7 11.5, -60 11.7, -61.4 11.9, -62.5 11.9)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep082017 LINESTRING (-118.8 14.6, -119.4 14.9, -119.9 14.8, -120.8 14.6, -121.1 14.5, -121.7 14.1, -122.2 13.9, -122.6 13.7, -123.1 13.4, -123.9 13.3)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep082017 LINESTRING (-118.8 14.6, -119.4 14.9, -119.9 14.8, -120.8 14.6, -121.1 14.5, -121.7 14.1, -122.2 13.9, -122.6 13.7, -123.1 13.4, -123.9 13.3)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep082017 LINESTRING (-118.8 14.6, -119.4 14.9, -119.9 14.8, -120.8 14.6, -121.1 14.5, -121.7 14.1, -122.2 13.9, -122.6 13.7, -123.1 13.4, -123.9 13.3)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep082017 LINESTRING (-118.8 14.6, -119.4 14.9, -119.9 14.8, -120.8 14.6, -121.1 14.5, -121.7 14.1, -122.2 13.9, -122.6 13.7, -123.1 13.4, -123.9 13.3)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep082017 LINESTRING (-118.8 14.6, -119.4 14.9, -119.9 14.8, -120.8 14.6, -121.1 14.5, -121.7 14.1, -122.2 13.9, -122.6 13.7, -123.1 13.4, -123.9 13.3)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep082017 LINESTRING (-118.8 14.6, -119.4 14.9, -119.9 14.8, -120.8 14.6, -121.1 14.5, -121.7 14.1, -122.2 13.9, -122.6 13.7, -123.1 13.4, -123.9 13.3)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep082017 LINESTRING (-118.8 14.6, -119.4 14.9, -119.9 14.8, -120.8 14.6, -121.1 14.5, -121.7 14.1, -122.2 13.9, -122.6 13.7, -123.1 13.4, -123.9 13.3)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep082017 LINESTRING (-118.8 14.6, -119.4 14.9, -119.9 14.8, -120.8 14.6, -121.1 14.5, -121.7 14.1, -122.2 13.9, -122.6 13.7, -123.1 13.4, -123.9 13.3)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
al062017 LINESTRING (-83.5 27.7, -83.2 27.7, -82.8 27.6, -82.2 27.6, -81.7 27.8, -81 27.5, -80.09999999999999 28.3, -78.90000000000001 29.3, -77.7 30.3, -78 30.9)
None
al062017 LINESTRING (-83.5 27.7, -83.2 27.7, -82.8 27.6, -82.2 27.6, -81.7 27.8, -81 27.5, -80.09999999999999 28.3, -78.90000000000001 29.3, -77.7 30.3, -78 30.9)
None
al062017 LINESTRING (-83.5 27.7, -83.2 27.7, -82.8 27.6, -82.2 27.6, -81.7 27.8, -81 27.5, -80.09999999999999 28.3, -78.90000000000001 29.3, -77.7 30.3, -78 30.9)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
al062017 LINESTRING (-83.5 27.7, -83.2 27.7, -82.8 27.6, -82.2 27.6, -81.7 27.8, -81 27.5, -80.09999999999999 28.3, -78.90000000000001 29.3, -77.7 30.3, -78 30.9)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
al062017 LINESTRING (-83.5 27.7, -83.2 27.7, -82.8 27.6, -82.2 27.6, -81.7 27.8, -81 27.5, -80.09999999999999 28.3, -78.90000000000001 29.3, -77.7 30.3, -78 30.9)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
al062017 LINESTRING (-83.5 27.7, -83.2 27.7, -82.8 27.6, -82.2 27.6, -81.7 27.8, -81 27.5, -80.09999999999999 28.3, -78.90000000000001 29.3, -77.7 30.3, -78 30.9)
None
al062017 LINESTRING (-83.5 27.7, -83.2 27.7, -82.8 27.6, -82.2 27.6, -81.7 27.8, -81 27.5, -80.09999999999999 28.3, -78.90000000000001 29.3, -77.7 30.3, -78 30.9)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
al062017 LINESTRING (-83.5 27.7, -83.2 27.7, -82.8 27.6, -82.2 27.6, -81.7 27.8, -81 27.5, -80.09999999999999 28.3, -78.90000000000001 29.3, -77.7 30.3, -78 30.9)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
al062017 LINESTRING (-83.5 27.7, -83.2 27.7, -82.8 27.6, -82.2 27.6, -81.7 27.8, -81 27.5, -80.09999999999999 28.3, -78.90000000000001 29.3, -77.7 30.3, -78 30.9)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
al062017 LINESTRING (-83.5 27.7, -83.2 27.7, -82.8 27.6, -82.2 27.6, -81.7 27.8, -81 27.5, -80.09999999999999 28.3, -78.90000000000001 29.3, -77.7 30.3, -78 30.9)
None
ep112017 LINESTRING (-109.2 17.7, -110.2 18, -111 18.6, -111.4 19.2, -111.3 19.6, -111.7 20.3)
None
ep112017 LINESTRING (-109.2 17.7, -110.2 18, -111 18.6, -111.4 19.2, -111.3 19.6, -111.7 20.3)
None
ep112017 LINESTRING (-109.2 17.7, -110.2 18, -111 18.6, -111.4 19.2, -111.3 19.6, -111.7 20.3)
None
ep112017 LINESTRING (-109.2 17.7, -110.2 18, -111 18.6, -111.4 19.2, -111.3 19.6, -111.7 20.3)
None
ep112017 LINESTRING (-109.2 17.7, -110.2 18, -111 18.6, -111.4 19.2, -111.3 19.6, -111.7 20.3)
None
ep112017 LINESTRING (-109.2 17.7, -110.2 18, -111 18.6, -111.4 19.2, -111.3 19.6, -111.7 20.3)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
ep122017 LINESTRING (-109.8 19.3, -110.4 19.3)
None
ep122017 LINESTRING (-109.8 19.3, -110.4 19.3)
attempting to connect..
connected to ftp.nhc.noaa.gov at 2017-08-12 10:03:09.380885, attempting to log in
logged in..
switching directories
Tropical Storm Jova Advisory Number   3
900 AM MDT Sat Aug 12 2017
(-111.2, 20.1)
ep122017 LINESTRING (-109.8 19.3, -110.4 19.3, -111.2 20.1)
complete
attempting to connect..
connected to ftp.nhc.noaa.gov at 2017-08-13 10:03:03.290762, attempting to log in
logged in..
switching directories
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
al012017 LINESTRING (-40.9 31.9, -40 32.4, -39.3 33.2, -39.3 34.4, -40 36.1, -42 37.7, -44.2 39.4, -48 40, -49.9 39.3)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
al012017 LINESTRING (-40.9 31.9, -40 32.4, -39.3 33.2, -39.3 34.4, -40 36.1, -42 37.7, -44.2 39.4, -48 40, -49.9 39.3)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
al012017 LINESTRING (-40.9 31.9, -40 32.4, -39.3 33.2, -39.3 34.4, -40 36.1, -42 37.7, -44.2 39.4, -48 40, -49.9 39.3)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
al012017 LINESTRING (-40.9 31.9, -40 32.4, -39.3 33.2, -39.3 34.4, -40 36.1, -42 37.7, -44.2 39.4, -48 40, -49.9 39.3)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
al012017 LINESTRING (-40.9 31.9, -40 32.4, -39.3 33.2, -39.3 34.4, -40 36.1, -42 37.7, -44.2 39.4, -48 40, -49.9 39.3)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
al012017 LINESTRING (-40.9 31.9, -40 32.4, -39.3 33.2, -39.3 34.4, -40 36.1, -42 37.7, -44.2 39.4, -48 40, -49.9 39.3)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
al012017 LINESTRING (-40.9 31.9, -40 32.4, -39.3 33.2, -39.3 34.4, -40 36.1, -42 37.7, -44.2 39.4, -48 40, -49.9 39.3)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
al012017 LINESTRING (-40.9 31.9, -40 32.4, -39.3 33.2, -39.3 34.4, -40 36.1, -42 37.7, -44.2 39.4, -48 40, -49.9 39.3)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
al012017 LINESTRING (-40.9 31.9, -40 32.4, -39.3 33.2, -39.3 34.4, -40 36.1, -42 37.7, -44.2 39.4, -48 40, -49.9 39.3)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep012017 LINESTRING (-91.3 9.300000000000001, -92.3 9.5, -92.7 10, -92.7 10.4, -92.7 10.5, -93.09999999999999 10.5, -93.5 10.9, -93.8 11.3)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
ep012017 LINESTRING (-91.3 9.300000000000001, -92.3 9.5, -92.7 10, -92.7 10.4, -92.7 10.5, -93.09999999999999 10.5, -93.5 10.9, -93.8 11.3)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
ep012017 LINESTRING (-91.3 9.300000000000001, -92.3 9.5, -92.7 10, -92.7 10.4, -92.7 10.5, -93.09999999999999 10.5, -93.5 10.9, -93.8 11.3)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep012017 LINESTRING (-91.3 9.300000000000001, -92.3 9.5, -92.7 10, -92.7 10.4, -92.7 10.5, -93.09999999999999 10.5, -93.5 10.9, -93.8 11.3)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep012017 LINESTRING (-91.3 9.300000000000001, -92.3 9.5, -92.7 10, -92.7 10.4, -92.7 10.5, -93.09999999999999 10.5, -93.5 10.9, -93.8 11.3)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
ep012017 LINESTRING (-91.3 9.300000000000001, -92.3 9.5, -92.7 10, -92.7 10.4, -92.7 10.5, -93.09999999999999 10.5, -93.5 10.9, -93.8 11.3)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
ep012017 LINESTRING (-91.3 9.300000000000001, -92.3 9.5, -92.7 10, -92.7 10.4, -92.7 10.5, -93.09999999999999 10.5, -93.5 10.9, -93.8 11.3)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep012017 LINESTRING (-91.3 9.300000000000001, -92.3 9.5, -92.7 10, -92.7 10.4, -92.7 10.5, -93.09999999999999 10.5, -93.5 10.9, -93.8 11.3)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
al042017 LINESTRING (-38.4 12.8, -40 13.2, -42.6 13.2, -44.9 13.1, -46.7 13.4, -48.8 15, -50.9 15.6, -52.5 16.5)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
al042017 LINESTRING (-38.4 12.8, -40 13.2, -42.6 13.2, -44.9 13.1, -46.7 13.4, -48.8 15, -50.9 15.6, -52.5 16.5)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
al042017 LINESTRING (-38.4 12.8, -40 13.2, -42.6 13.2, -44.9 13.1, -46.7 13.4, -48.8 15, -50.9 15.6, -52.5 16.5)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
al042017 LINESTRING (-38.4 12.8, -40 13.2, -42.6 13.2, -44.9 13.1, -46.7 13.4, -48.8 15, -50.9 15.6, -52.5 16.5)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
al042017 LINESTRING (-38.4 12.8, -40 13.2, -42.6 13.2, -44.9 13.1, -46.7 13.4, -48.8 15, -50.9 15.6, -52.5 16.5)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
al042017 LINESTRING (-38.4 12.8, -40 13.2, -42.6 13.2, -44.9 13.1, -46.7 13.4, -48.8 15, -50.9 15.6, -52.5 16.5)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
al042017 LINESTRING (-38.4 12.8, -40 13.2, -42.6 13.2, -44.9 13.1, -46.7 13.4, -48.8 15, -50.9 15.6, -52.5 16.5)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
al042017 LINESTRING (-38.4 12.8, -40 13.2, -42.6 13.2, -44.9 13.1, -46.7 13.4, -48.8 15, -50.9 15.6, -52.5 16.5)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
al052017 LINESTRING (-52.6 11.2, -53.8 11.2, -54.6 11.3, -55.4 11.4, -56.2 11.5, -57 11.4, -58 11.5, -58.7 11.5, -60 11.7, -61.4 11.9, -62.5 11.9)
None
al052017 LINESTRING (-52.6 11.2, -53.8 11.2, -54.6 11.3, -55.4 11.4, -56.2 11.5, -57 11.4, -58 11.5, -58.7 11.5, -60 11.7, -61.4 11.9, -62.5 11.9)
None
al052017 LINESTRING (-52.6 11.2, -53.8 11.2, -54.6 11.3, -55.4 11.4, -56.2 11.5, -57 11.4, -58 11.5, -58.7 11.5, -60 11.7, -61.4 11.9, -62.5 11.9)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
al052017 LINESTRING (-52.6 11.2, -53.8 11.2, -54.6 11.3, -55.4 11.4, -56.2 11.5, -57 11.4, -58 11.5, -58.7 11.5, -60 11.7, -61.4 11.9, -62.5 11.9)
None
al052017 LINESTRING (-52.6 11.2, -53.8 11.2, -54.6 11.3, -55.4 11.4, -56.2 11.5, -57 11.4, -58 11.5, -58.7 11.5, -60 11.7, -61.4 11.9, -62.5 11.9)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
al052017 LINESTRING (-52.6 11.2, -53.8 11.2, -54.6 11.3, -55.4 11.4, -56.2 11.5, -57 11.4, -58 11.5, -58.7 11.5, -60 11.7, -61.4 11.9, -62.5 11.9)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep082017 LINESTRING (-118.8 14.6, -119.4 14.9, -119.9 14.8, -120.8 14.6, -121.1 14.5, -121.7 14.1, -122.2 13.9, -122.6 13.7, -123.1 13.4, -123.9 13.3)
None
al052017 LINESTRING (-52.6 11.2, -53.8 11.2, -54.6 11.3, -55.4 11.4, -56.2 11.5, -57 11.4, -58 11.5, -58.7 11.5, -60 11.7, -61.4 11.9, -62.5 11.9)
None
al052017 LINESTRING (-52.6 11.2, -53.8 11.2, -54.6 11.3, -55.4 11.4, -56.2 11.5, -57 11.4, -58 11.5, -58.7 11.5, -60 11.7, -61.4 11.9, -62.5 11.9)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep082017 LINESTRING (-118.8 14.6, -119.4 14.9, -119.9 14.8, -120.8 14.6, -121.1 14.5, -121.7 14.1, -122.2 13.9, -122.6 13.7, -123.1 13.4, -123.9 13.3)
None
al052017 LINESTRING (-52.6 11.2, -53.8 11.2, -54.6 11.3, -55.4 11.4, -56.2 11.5, -57 11.4, -58 11.5, -58.7 11.5, -60 11.7, -61.4 11.9, -62.5 11.9)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
al052017 LINESTRING (-52.6 11.2, -53.8 11.2, -54.6 11.3, -55.4 11.4, -56.2 11.5, -57 11.4, -58 11.5, -58.7 11.5, -60 11.7, -61.4 11.9, -62.5 11.9)
None
al052017 LINESTRING (-52.6 11.2, -53.8 11.2, -54.6 11.3, -55.4 11.4, -56.2 11.5, -57 11.4, -58 11.5, -58.7 11.5, -60 11.7, -61.4 11.9, -62.5 11.9)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep082017 LINESTRING (-118.8 14.6, -119.4 14.9, -119.9 14.8, -120.8 14.6, -121.1 14.5, -121.7 14.1, -122.2 13.9, -122.6 13.7, -123.1 13.4, -123.9 13.3)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep082017 LINESTRING (-118.8 14.6, -119.4 14.9, -119.9 14.8, -120.8 14.6, -121.1 14.5, -121.7 14.1, -122.2 13.9, -122.6 13.7, -123.1 13.4, -123.9 13.3)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep082017 LINESTRING (-118.8 14.6, -119.4 14.9, -119.9 14.8, -120.8 14.6, -121.1 14.5, -121.7 14.1, -122.2 13.9, -122.6 13.7, -123.1 13.4, -123.9 13.3)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep082017 LINESTRING (-118.8 14.6, -119.4 14.9, -119.9 14.8, -120.8 14.6, -121.1 14.5, -121.7 14.1, -122.2 13.9, -122.6 13.7, -123.1 13.4, -123.9 13.3)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep082017 LINESTRING (-118.8 14.6, -119.4 14.9, -119.9 14.8, -120.8 14.6, -121.1 14.5, -121.7 14.1, -122.2 13.9, -122.6 13.7, -123.1 13.4, -123.9 13.3)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep082017 LINESTRING (-118.8 14.6, -119.4 14.9, -119.9 14.8, -120.8 14.6, -121.1 14.5, -121.7 14.1, -122.2 13.9, -122.6 13.7, -123.1 13.4, -123.9 13.3)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep082017 LINESTRING (-118.8 14.6, -119.4 14.9, -119.9 14.8, -120.8 14.6, -121.1 14.5, -121.7 14.1, -122.2 13.9, -122.6 13.7, -123.1 13.4, -123.9 13.3)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep082017 LINESTRING (-118.8 14.6, -119.4 14.9, -119.9 14.8, -120.8 14.6, -121.1 14.5, -121.7 14.1, -122.2 13.9, -122.6 13.7, -123.1 13.4, -123.9 13.3)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
al062017 LINESTRING (-83.5 27.7, -83.2 27.7, -82.8 27.6, -82.2 27.6, -81.7 27.8, -81 27.5, -80.09999999999999 28.3, -78.90000000000001 29.3, -77.7 30.3, -78 30.9)
None
al062017 LINESTRING (-83.5 27.7, -83.2 27.7, -82.8 27.6, -82.2 27.6, -81.7 27.8, -81 27.5, -80.09999999999999 28.3, -78.90000000000001 29.3, -77.7 30.3, -78 30.9)
None
al062017 LINESTRING (-83.5 27.7, -83.2 27.7, -82.8 27.6, -82.2 27.6, -81.7 27.8, -81 27.5, -80.09999999999999 28.3, -78.90000000000001 29.3, -77.7 30.3, -78 30.9)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
al062017 LINESTRING (-83.5 27.7, -83.2 27.7, -82.8 27.6, -82.2 27.6, -81.7 27.8, -81 27.5, -80.09999999999999 28.3, -78.90000000000001 29.3, -77.7 30.3, -78 30.9)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
al062017 LINESTRING (-83.5 27.7, -83.2 27.7, -82.8 27.6, -82.2 27.6, -81.7 27.8, -81 27.5, -80.09999999999999 28.3, -78.90000000000001 29.3, -77.7 30.3, -78 30.9)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
al062017 LINESTRING (-83.5 27.7, -83.2 27.7, -82.8 27.6, -82.2 27.6, -81.7 27.8, -81 27.5, -80.09999999999999 28.3, -78.90000000000001 29.3, -77.7 30.3, -78 30.9)
None
al062017 LINESTRING (-83.5 27.7, -83.2 27.7, -82.8 27.6, -82.2 27.6, -81.7 27.8, -81 27.5, -80.09999999999999 28.3, -78.90000000000001 29.3, -77.7 30.3, -78 30.9)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
al062017 LINESTRING (-83.5 27.7, -83.2 27.7, -82.8 27.6, -82.2 27.6, -81.7 27.8, -81 27.5, -80.09999999999999 28.3, -78.90000000000001 29.3, -77.7 30.3, -78 30.9)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
al062017 LINESTRING (-83.5 27.7, -83.2 27.7, -82.8 27.6, -82.2 27.6, -81.7 27.8, -81 27.5, -80.09999999999999 28.3, -78.90000000000001 29.3, -77.7 30.3, -78 30.9)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
al062017 LINESTRING (-83.5 27.7, -83.2 27.7, -82.8 27.6, -82.2 27.6, -81.7 27.8, -81 27.5, -80.09999999999999 28.3, -78.90000000000001 29.3, -77.7 30.3, -78 30.9)
None
ep112017 LINESTRING (-109.2 17.7, -110.2 18, -111 18.6, -111.4 19.2, -111.3 19.6, -111.7 20.3)
None
ep112017 LINESTRING (-109.2 17.7, -110.2 18, -111 18.6, -111.4 19.2, -111.3 19.6, -111.7 20.3)
None
ep112017 LINESTRING (-109.2 17.7, -110.2 18, -111 18.6, -111.4 19.2, -111.3 19.6, -111.7 20.3)
None
ep112017 LINESTRING (-109.2 17.7, -110.2 18, -111 18.6, -111.4 19.2, -111.3 19.6, -111.7 20.3)
None
ep112017 LINESTRING (-109.2 17.7, -110.2 18, -111 18.6, -111.4 19.2, -111.3 19.6, -111.7 20.3)
None
ep112017 LINESTRING (-109.2 17.7, -110.2 18, -111 18.6, -111.4 19.2, -111.3 19.6, -111.7 20.3)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
ep122017 LINESTRING (-109.8 19.3, -110.4 19.3, -111.2 20.1, -113.1 20.4, -114.7 20.6, -116 20.4)
None
ep122017 LINESTRING (-109.8 19.3, -110.4 19.3, -111.2 20.1, -113.1 20.4, -114.7 20.6, -116 20.4)
None
ep122017 LINESTRING (-109.8 19.3, -110.4 19.3, -111.2 20.1, -113.1 20.4, -114.7 20.6, -116 20.4)
None
ep122017 LINESTRING (-109.8 19.3, -110.4 19.3, -111.2 20.1, -113.1 20.4, -114.7 20.6, -116 20.4)
None
ep122017 LINESTRING (-109.8 19.3, -110.4 19.3, -111.2 20.1, -113.1 20.4, -114.7 20.6, -116 20.4)
None
al082017 LINESTRING (-70.3 25.3, -70.90000000000001 26.5)
None
ep122017 LINESTRING (-109.8 19.3, -110.4 19.3, -111.2 20.1, -113.1 20.4, -114.7 20.6, -116 20.4)
None
al082017 LINESTRING (-70.3 25.3, -70.90000000000001 26.5)
attempting to connect..
connected to ftp.nhc.noaa.gov at 2017-08-13 10:03:09.680304, attempting to log in
logged in..
switching directories
Tropical Depression Jova Advisory Number   7
800 AM PDT Sun Aug 13 2017
(-117.4, 20.4)
ep122017 LINESTRING (-109.8 19.3, -110.4 19.3, -111.2 20.1, -113.1 20.4, -114.7 20.6, -116 20.4, -117.4 20.4)
attempting to connect..
connected to ftp.nhc.noaa.gov at 2017-08-13 10:03:09.941902, attempting to log in
logged in..
switching directories
Tropical Depression Eight Advisory Number   3
1100 AM EDT Sun Aug 13 2017
(-71.5, 27.4)
al082017 LINESTRING (-70.3 25.3, -70.90000000000001 26.5, -71.5 27.4)
complete
attempting to connect..
connected to ftp.nhc.noaa.gov at 2017-08-14 10:03:03.767745, attempting to log in
logged in..
switching directories
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
al012017 LINESTRING (-40.9 31.9, -40 32.4, -39.3 33.2, -39.3 34.4, -40 36.1, -42 37.7, -44.2 39.4, -48 40, -49.9 39.3)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
al012017 LINESTRING (-40.9 31.9, -40 32.4, -39.3 33.2, -39.3 34.4, -40 36.1, -42 37.7, -44.2 39.4, -48 40, -49.9 39.3)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
al012017 LINESTRING (-40.9 31.9, -40 32.4, -39.3 33.2, -39.3 34.4, -40 36.1, -42 37.7, -44.2 39.4, -48 40, -49.9 39.3)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
al012017 LINESTRING (-40.9 31.9, -40 32.4, -39.3 33.2, -39.3 34.4, -40 36.1, -42 37.7, -44.2 39.4, -48 40, -49.9 39.3)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
al012017 LINESTRING (-40.9 31.9, -40 32.4, -39.3 33.2, -39.3 34.4, -40 36.1, -42 37.7, -44.2 39.4, -48 40, -49.9 39.3)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
al012017 LINESTRING (-40.9 31.9, -40 32.4, -39.3 33.2, -39.3 34.4, -40 36.1, -42 37.7, -44.2 39.4, -48 40, -49.9 39.3)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
al012017 LINESTRING (-40.9 31.9, -40 32.4, -39.3 33.2, -39.3 34.4, -40 36.1, -42 37.7, -44.2 39.4, -48 40, -49.9 39.3)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
al012017 LINESTRING (-40.9 31.9, -40 32.4, -39.3 33.2, -39.3 34.4, -40 36.1, -42 37.7, -44.2 39.4, -48 40, -49.9 39.3)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
al012017 LINESTRING (-40.9 31.9, -40 32.4, -39.3 33.2, -39.3 34.4, -40 36.1, -42 37.7, -44.2 39.4, -48 40, -49.9 39.3)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep012017 LINESTRING (-91.3 9.300000000000001, -92.3 9.5, -92.7 10, -92.7 10.4, -92.7 10.5, -93.09999999999999 10.5, -93.5 10.9, -93.8 11.3)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
ep012017 LINESTRING (-91.3 9.300000000000001, -92.3 9.5, -92.7 10, -92.7 10.4, -92.7 10.5, -93.09999999999999 10.5, -93.5 10.9, -93.8 11.3)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
ep012017 LINESTRING (-91.3 9.300000000000001, -92.3 9.5, -92.7 10, -92.7 10.4, -92.7 10.5, -93.09999999999999 10.5, -93.5 10.9, -93.8 11.3)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep012017 LINESTRING (-91.3 9.300000000000001, -92.3 9.5, -92.7 10, -92.7 10.4, -92.7 10.5, -93.09999999999999 10.5, -93.5 10.9, -93.8 11.3)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep012017 LINESTRING (-91.3 9.300000000000001, -92.3 9.5, -92.7 10, -92.7 10.4, -92.7 10.5, -93.09999999999999 10.5, -93.5 10.9, -93.8 11.3)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
ep012017 LINESTRING (-91.3 9.300000000000001, -92.3 9.5, -92.7 10, -92.7 10.4, -92.7 10.5, -93.09999999999999 10.5, -93.5 10.9, -93.8 11.3)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
ep012017 LINESTRING (-91.3 9.300000000000001, -92.3 9.5, -92.7 10, -92.7 10.4, -92.7 10.5, -93.09999999999999 10.5, -93.5 10.9, -93.8 11.3)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep012017 LINESTRING (-91.3 9.300000000000001, -92.3 9.5, -92.7 10, -92.7 10.4, -92.7 10.5, -93.09999999999999 10.5, -93.5 10.9, -93.8 11.3)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
al042017 LINESTRING (-38.4 12.8, -40 13.2, -42.6 13.2, -44.9 13.1, -46.7 13.4, -48.8 15, -50.9 15.6, -52.5 16.5)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
al042017 LINESTRING (-38.4 12.8, -40 13.2, -42.6 13.2, -44.9 13.1, -46.7 13.4, -48.8 15, -50.9 15.6, -52.5 16.5)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
al042017 LINESTRING (-38.4 12.8, -40 13.2, -42.6 13.2, -44.9 13.1, -46.7 13.4, -48.8 15, -50.9 15.6, -52.5 16.5)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
al042017 LINESTRING (-38.4 12.8, -40 13.2, -42.6 13.2, -44.9 13.1, -46.7 13.4, -48.8 15, -50.9 15.6, -52.5 16.5)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
al042017 LINESTRING (-38.4 12.8, -40 13.2, -42.6 13.2, -44.9 13.1, -46.7 13.4, -48.8 15, -50.9 15.6, -52.5 16.5)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
al042017 LINESTRING (-38.4 12.8, -40 13.2, -42.6 13.2, -44.9 13.1, -46.7 13.4, -48.8 15, -50.9 15.6, -52.5 16.5)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
al042017 LINESTRING (-38.4 12.8, -40 13.2, -42.6 13.2, -44.9 13.1, -46.7 13.4, -48.8 15, -50.9 15.6, -52.5 16.5)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
al042017 LINESTRING (-38.4 12.8, -40 13.2, -42.6 13.2, -44.9 13.1, -46.7 13.4, -48.8 15, -50.9 15.6, -52.5 16.5)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
al052017 LINESTRING (-52.6 11.2, -53.8 11.2, -54.6 11.3, -55.4 11.4, -56.2 11.5, -57 11.4, -58 11.5, -58.7 11.5, -60 11.7, -61.4 11.9, -62.5 11.9)
None
al052017 LINESTRING (-52.6 11.2, -53.8 11.2, -54.6 11.3, -55.4 11.4, -56.2 11.5, -57 11.4, -58 11.5, -58.7 11.5, -60 11.7, -61.4 11.9, -62.5 11.9)
None
al052017 LINESTRING (-52.6 11.2, -53.8 11.2, -54.6 11.3, -55.4 11.4, -56.2 11.5, -57 11.4, -58 11.5, -58.7 11.5, -60 11.7, -61.4 11.9, -62.5 11.9)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
al052017 LINESTRING (-52.6 11.2, -53.8 11.2, -54.6 11.3, -55.4 11.4, -56.2 11.5, -57 11.4, -58 11.5, -58.7 11.5, -60 11.7, -61.4 11.9, -62.5 11.9)
None
al052017 LINESTRING (-52.6 11.2, -53.8 11.2, -54.6 11.3, -55.4 11.4, -56.2 11.5, -57 11.4, -58 11.5, -58.7 11.5, -60 11.7, -61.4 11.9, -62.5 11.9)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
al052017 LINESTRING (-52.6 11.2, -53.8 11.2, -54.6 11.3, -55.4 11.4, -56.2 11.5, -57 11.4, -58 11.5, -58.7 11.5, -60 11.7, -61.4 11.9, -62.5 11.9)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep082017 LINESTRING (-118.8 14.6, -119.4 14.9, -119.9 14.8, -120.8 14.6, -121.1 14.5, -121.7 14.1, -122.2 13.9, -122.6 13.7, -123.1 13.4, -123.9 13.3)
None
al052017 LINESTRING (-52.6 11.2, -53.8 11.2, -54.6 11.3, -55.4 11.4, -56.2 11.5, -57 11.4, -58 11.5, -58.7 11.5, -60 11.7, -61.4 11.9, -62.5 11.9)
None
al052017 LINESTRING (-52.6 11.2, -53.8 11.2, -54.6 11.3, -55.4 11.4, -56.2 11.5, -57 11.4, -58 11.5, -58.7 11.5, -60 11.7, -61.4 11.9, -62.5 11.9)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep082017 LINESTRING (-118.8 14.6, -119.4 14.9, -119.9 14.8, -120.8 14.6, -121.1 14.5, -121.7 14.1, -122.2 13.9, -122.6 13.7, -123.1 13.4, -123.9 13.3)
None
al052017 LINESTRING (-52.6 11.2, -53.8 11.2, -54.6 11.3, -55.4 11.4, -56.2 11.5, -57 11.4, -58 11.5, -58.7 11.5, -60 11.7, -61.4 11.9, -62.5 11.9)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
al052017 LINESTRING (-52.6 11.2, -53.8 11.2, -54.6 11.3, -55.4 11.4, -56.2 11.5, -57 11.4, -58 11.5, -58.7 11.5, -60 11.7, -61.4 11.9, -62.5 11.9)
None
al052017 LINESTRING (-52.6 11.2, -53.8 11.2, -54.6 11.3, -55.4 11.4, -56.2 11.5, -57 11.4, -58 11.5, -58.7 11.5, -60 11.7, -61.4 11.9, -62.5 11.9)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep082017 LINESTRING (-118.8 14.6, -119.4 14.9, -119.9 14.8, -120.8 14.6, -121.1 14.5, -121.7 14.1, -122.2 13.9, -122.6 13.7, -123.1 13.4, -123.9 13.3)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep082017 LINESTRING (-118.8 14.6, -119.4 14.9, -119.9 14.8, -120.8 14.6, -121.1 14.5, -121.7 14.1, -122.2 13.9, -122.6 13.7, -123.1 13.4, -123.9 13.3)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep082017 LINESTRING (-118.8 14.6, -119.4 14.9, -119.9 14.8, -120.8 14.6, -121.1 14.5, -121.7 14.1, -122.2 13.9, -122.6 13.7, -123.1 13.4, -123.9 13.3)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep082017 LINESTRING (-118.8 14.6, -119.4 14.9, -119.9 14.8, -120.8 14.6, -121.1 14.5, -121.7 14.1, -122.2 13.9, -122.6 13.7, -123.1 13.4, -123.9 13.3)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep082017 LINESTRING (-118.8 14.6, -119.4 14.9, -119.9 14.8, -120.8 14.6, -121.1 14.5, -121.7 14.1, -122.2 13.9, -122.6 13.7, -123.1 13.4, -123.9 13.3)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep082017 LINESTRING (-118.8 14.6, -119.4 14.9, -119.9 14.8, -120.8 14.6, -121.1 14.5, -121.7 14.1, -122.2 13.9, -122.6 13.7, -123.1 13.4, -123.9 13.3)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep082017 LINESTRING (-118.8 14.6, -119.4 14.9, -119.9 14.8, -120.8 14.6, -121.1 14.5, -121.7 14.1, -122.2 13.9, -122.6 13.7, -123.1 13.4, -123.9 13.3)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep082017 LINESTRING (-118.8 14.6, -119.4 14.9, -119.9 14.8, -120.8 14.6, -121.1 14.5, -121.7 14.1, -122.2 13.9, -122.6 13.7, -123.1 13.4, -123.9 13.3)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
al062017 LINESTRING (-83.5 27.7, -83.2 27.7, -82.8 27.6, -82.2 27.6, -81.7 27.8, -81 27.5, -80.09999999999999 28.3, -78.90000000000001 29.3, -77.7 30.3, -78 30.9)
None
al062017 LINESTRING (-83.5 27.7, -83.2 27.7, -82.8 27.6, -82.2 27.6, -81.7 27.8, -81 27.5, -80.09999999999999 28.3, -78.90000000000001 29.3, -77.7 30.3, -78 30.9)
None
al062017 LINESTRING (-83.5 27.7, -83.2 27.7, -82.8 27.6, -82.2 27.6, -81.7 27.8, -81 27.5, -80.09999999999999 28.3, -78.90000000000001 29.3, -77.7 30.3, -78 30.9)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
al062017 LINESTRING (-83.5 27.7, -83.2 27.7, -82.8 27.6, -82.2 27.6, -81.7 27.8, -81 27.5, -80.09999999999999 28.3, -78.90000000000001 29.3, -77.7 30.3, -78 30.9)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
al062017 LINESTRING (-83.5 27.7, -83.2 27.7, -82.8 27.6, -82.2 27.6, -81.7 27.8, -81 27.5, -80.09999999999999 28.3, -78.90000000000001 29.3, -77.7 30.3, -78 30.9)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
al062017 LINESTRING (-83.5 27.7, -83.2 27.7, -82.8 27.6, -82.2 27.6, -81.7 27.8, -81 27.5, -80.09999999999999 28.3, -78.90000000000001 29.3, -77.7 30.3, -78 30.9)
None
al062017 LINESTRING (-83.5 27.7, -83.2 27.7, -82.8 27.6, -82.2 27.6, -81.7 27.8, -81 27.5, -80.09999999999999 28.3, -78.90000000000001 29.3, -77.7 30.3, -78 30.9)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
al062017 LINESTRING (-83.5 27.7, -83.2 27.7, -82.8 27.6, -82.2 27.6, -81.7 27.8, -81 27.5, -80.09999999999999 28.3, -78.90000000000001 29.3, -77.7 30.3, -78 30.9)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
al062017 LINESTRING (-83.5 27.7, -83.2 27.7, -82.8 27.6, -82.2 27.6, -81.7 27.8, -81 27.5, -80.09999999999999 28.3, -78.90000000000001 29.3, -77.7 30.3, -78 30.9)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
al062017 LINESTRING (-83.5 27.7, -83.2 27.7, -82.8 27.6, -82.2 27.6, -81.7 27.8, -81 27.5, -80.09999999999999 28.3, -78.90000000000001 29.3, -77.7 30.3, -78 30.9)
None
ep112017 LINESTRING (-109.2 17.7, -110.2 18, -111 18.6, -111.4 19.2, -111.3 19.6, -111.7 20.3)
None
ep112017 LINESTRING (-109.2 17.7, -110.2 18, -111 18.6, -111.4 19.2, -111.3 19.6, -111.7 20.3)
None
ep112017 LINESTRING (-109.2 17.7, -110.2 18, -111 18.6, -111.4 19.2, -111.3 19.6, -111.7 20.3)
None
ep112017 LINESTRING (-109.2 17.7, -110.2 18, -111 18.6, -111.4 19.2, -111.3 19.6, -111.7 20.3)
None
ep112017 LINESTRING (-109.2 17.7, -110.2 18, -111 18.6, -111.4 19.2, -111.3 19.6, -111.7 20.3)
None
ep112017 LINESTRING (-109.2 17.7, -110.2 18, -111 18.6, -111.4 19.2, -111.3 19.6, -111.7 20.3)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
ep122017 LINESTRING (-109.8 19.3, -110.4 19.3, -111.2 20.1, -113.1 20.4, -114.7 20.6, -116 20.4, -117.4 20.4, -118.5 20.4, -119.7 20.5)
None
ep122017 LINESTRING (-109.8 19.3, -110.4 19.3, -111.2 20.1, -113.1 20.4, -114.7 20.6, -116 20.4, -117.4 20.4, -118.5 20.4, -119.7 20.5)
None
ep122017 LINESTRING (-109.8 19.3, -110.4 19.3, -111.2 20.1, -113.1 20.4, -114.7 20.6, -116 20.4, -117.4 20.4, -118.5 20.4, -119.7 20.5)
None
ep122017 LINESTRING (-109.8 19.3, -110.4 19.3, -111.2 20.1, -113.1 20.4, -114.7 20.6, -116 20.4, -117.4 20.4, -118.5 20.4, -119.7 20.5)
None
ep122017 LINESTRING (-109.8 19.3, -110.4 19.3, -111.2 20.1, -113.1 20.4, -114.7 20.6, -116 20.4, -117.4 20.4, -118.5 20.4, -119.7 20.5)
None
al082017 LINESTRING (-70.3 25.3, -70.90000000000001 26.5, -71.5 27.4, -71.7 28.1, -71.90000000000001 28.8, -72.2 29.7)
None
ep122017 LINESTRING (-109.8 19.3, -110.4 19.3, -111.2 20.1, -113.1 20.4, -114.7 20.6, -116 20.4, -117.4 20.4, -118.5 20.4, -119.7 20.5)
None
al082017 LINESTRING (-70.3 25.3, -70.90000000000001 26.5, -71.5 27.4, -71.7 28.1, -71.90000000000001 28.8, -72.2 29.7)
None
ep122017 LINESTRING (-109.8 19.3, -110.4 19.3, -111.2 20.1, -113.1 20.4, -114.7 20.6, -116 20.4, -117.4 20.4, -118.5 20.4, -119.7 20.5)
None
al082017 LINESTRING (-70.3 25.3, -70.90000000000001 26.5, -71.5 27.4, -71.7 28.1, -71.90000000000001 28.8, -72.2 29.7)
None
al082017 LINESTRING (-70.3 25.3, -70.90000000000001 26.5, -71.5 27.4, -71.7 28.1, -71.90000000000001 28.8, -72.2 29.7)
None
ep122017 LINESTRING (-109.8 19.3, -110.4 19.3, -111.2 20.1, -113.1 20.4, -114.7 20.6, -116 20.4, -117.4 20.4, -118.5 20.4, -119.7 20.5)
None
al082017 LINESTRING (-70.3 25.3, -70.90000000000001 26.5, -71.5 27.4, -71.7 28.1, -71.90000000000001 28.8, -72.2 29.7)
None
ep122017 LINESTRING (-109.8 19.3, -110.4 19.3, -111.2 20.1, -113.1 20.4, -114.7 20.6, -116 20.4, -117.4 20.4, -118.5 20.4, -119.7 20.5)
None
al082017 LINESTRING (-70.3 25.3, -70.90000000000001 26.5, -71.5 27.4, -71.7 28.1, -71.90000000000001 28.8, -72.2 29.7)
attempting to connect..
connected to ftp.nhc.noaa.gov at 2017-08-14 10:03:10.772275, attempting to log in
logged in..
switching directories
Tropical Storm Gert Advisory Number   7
1100 AM EDT Mon Aug 14 2017
(-72.2, 30.3)
al082017 LINESTRING (-70.3 25.3, -70.90000000000001 26.5, -71.5 27.4, -71.7 28.1, -71.90000000000001 28.8, -72.2 29.7, -72.2 30.3)
complete
attempting to connect..
connected to ftp.nhc.noaa.gov at 2017-08-15 10:03:03.435602, attempting to log in
logged in..
switching directories
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
al012017 LINESTRING (-40.9 31.9, -40 32.4, -39.3 33.2, -39.3 34.4, -40 36.1, -42 37.7, -44.2 39.4, -48 40, -49.9 39.3)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
al012017 LINESTRING (-40.9 31.9, -40 32.4, -39.3 33.2, -39.3 34.4, -40 36.1, -42 37.7, -44.2 39.4, -48 40, -49.9 39.3)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
al012017 LINESTRING (-40.9 31.9, -40 32.4, -39.3 33.2, -39.3 34.4, -40 36.1, -42 37.7, -44.2 39.4, -48 40, -49.9 39.3)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
al012017 LINESTRING (-40.9 31.9, -40 32.4, -39.3 33.2, -39.3 34.4, -40 36.1, -42 37.7, -44.2 39.4, -48 40, -49.9 39.3)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
al012017 LINESTRING (-40.9 31.9, -40 32.4, -39.3 33.2, -39.3 34.4, -40 36.1, -42 37.7, -44.2 39.4, -48 40, -49.9 39.3)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
al012017 LINESTRING (-40.9 31.9, -40 32.4, -39.3 33.2, -39.3 34.4, -40 36.1, -42 37.7, -44.2 39.4, -48 40, -49.9 39.3)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
al012017 LINESTRING (-40.9 31.9, -40 32.4, -39.3 33.2, -39.3 34.4, -40 36.1, -42 37.7, -44.2 39.4, -48 40, -49.9 39.3)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
al012017 LINESTRING (-40.9 31.9, -40 32.4, -39.3 33.2, -39.3 34.4, -40 36.1, -42 37.7, -44.2 39.4, -48 40, -49.9 39.3)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
al012017 LINESTRING (-40.9 31.9, -40 32.4, -39.3 33.2, -39.3 34.4, -40 36.1, -42 37.7, -44.2 39.4, -48 40, -49.9 39.3)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep012017 LINESTRING (-91.3 9.300000000000001, -92.3 9.5, -92.7 10, -92.7 10.4, -92.7 10.5, -93.09999999999999 10.5, -93.5 10.9, -93.8 11.3)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
ep012017 LINESTRING (-91.3 9.300000000000001, -92.3 9.5, -92.7 10, -92.7 10.4, -92.7 10.5, -93.09999999999999 10.5, -93.5 10.9, -93.8 11.3)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
ep012017 LINESTRING (-91.3 9.300000000000001, -92.3 9.5, -92.7 10, -92.7 10.4, -92.7 10.5, -93.09999999999999 10.5, -93.5 10.9, -93.8 11.3)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep012017 LINESTRING (-91.3 9.300000000000001, -92.3 9.5, -92.7 10, -92.7 10.4, -92.7 10.5, -93.09999999999999 10.5, -93.5 10.9, -93.8 11.3)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep012017 LINESTRING (-91.3 9.300000000000001, -92.3 9.5, -92.7 10, -92.7 10.4, -92.7 10.5, -93.09999999999999 10.5, -93.5 10.9, -93.8 11.3)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
ep012017 LINESTRING (-91.3 9.300000000000001, -92.3 9.5, -92.7 10, -92.7 10.4, -92.7 10.5, -93.09999999999999 10.5, -93.5 10.9, -93.8 11.3)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
ep012017 LINESTRING (-91.3 9.300000000000001, -92.3 9.5, -92.7 10, -92.7 10.4, -92.7 10.5, -93.09999999999999 10.5, -93.5 10.9, -93.8 11.3)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep012017 LINESTRING (-91.3 9.300000000000001, -92.3 9.5, -92.7 10, -92.7 10.4, -92.7 10.5, -93.09999999999999 10.5, -93.5 10.9, -93.8 11.3)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
al042017 LINESTRING (-38.4 12.8, -40 13.2, -42.6 13.2, -44.9 13.1, -46.7 13.4, -48.8 15, -50.9 15.6, -52.5 16.5)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
al042017 LINESTRING (-38.4 12.8, -40 13.2, -42.6 13.2, -44.9 13.1, -46.7 13.4, -48.8 15, -50.9 15.6, -52.5 16.5)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
al042017 LINESTRING (-38.4 12.8, -40 13.2, -42.6 13.2, -44.9 13.1, -46.7 13.4, -48.8 15, -50.9 15.6, -52.5 16.5)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
al042017 LINESTRING (-38.4 12.8, -40 13.2, -42.6 13.2, -44.9 13.1, -46.7 13.4, -48.8 15, -50.9 15.6, -52.5 16.5)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
al042017 LINESTRING (-38.4 12.8, -40 13.2, -42.6 13.2, -44.9 13.1, -46.7 13.4, -48.8 15, -50.9 15.6, -52.5 16.5)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
al042017 LINESTRING (-38.4 12.8, -40 13.2, -42.6 13.2, -44.9 13.1, -46.7 13.4, -48.8 15, -50.9 15.6, -52.5 16.5)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
al042017 LINESTRING (-38.4 12.8, -40 13.2, -42.6 13.2, -44.9 13.1, -46.7 13.4, -48.8 15, -50.9 15.6, -52.5 16.5)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
al042017 LINESTRING (-38.4 12.8, -40 13.2, -42.6 13.2, -44.9 13.1, -46.7 13.4, -48.8 15, -50.9 15.6, -52.5 16.5)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
al052017 LINESTRING (-52.6 11.2, -53.8 11.2, -54.6 11.3, -55.4 11.4, -56.2 11.5, -57 11.4, -58 11.5, -58.7 11.5, -60 11.7, -61.4 11.9, -62.5 11.9)
None
al052017 LINESTRING (-52.6 11.2, -53.8 11.2, -54.6 11.3, -55.4 11.4, -56.2 11.5, -57 11.4, -58 11.5, -58.7 11.5, -60 11.7, -61.4 11.9, -62.5 11.9)
None
al052017 LINESTRING (-52.6 11.2, -53.8 11.2, -54.6 11.3, -55.4 11.4, -56.2 11.5, -57 11.4, -58 11.5, -58.7 11.5, -60 11.7, -61.4 11.9, -62.5 11.9)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
al052017 LINESTRING (-52.6 11.2, -53.8 11.2, -54.6 11.3, -55.4 11.4, -56.2 11.5, -57 11.4, -58 11.5, -58.7 11.5, -60 11.7, -61.4 11.9, -62.5 11.9)
None
al052017 LINESTRING (-52.6 11.2, -53.8 11.2, -54.6 11.3, -55.4 11.4, -56.2 11.5, -57 11.4, -58 11.5, -58.7 11.5, -60 11.7, -61.4 11.9, -62.5 11.9)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
al052017 LINESTRING (-52.6 11.2, -53.8 11.2, -54.6 11.3, -55.4 11.4, -56.2 11.5, -57 11.4, -58 11.5, -58.7 11.5, -60 11.7, -61.4 11.9, -62.5 11.9)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep082017 LINESTRING (-118.8 14.6, -119.4 14.9, -119.9 14.8, -120.8 14.6, -121.1 14.5, -121.7 14.1, -122.2 13.9, -122.6 13.7, -123.1 13.4, -123.9 13.3)
None
al052017 LINESTRING (-52.6 11.2, -53.8 11.2, -54.6 11.3, -55.4 11.4, -56.2 11.5, -57 11.4, -58 11.5, -58.7 11.5, -60 11.7, -61.4 11.9, -62.5 11.9)
None
al052017 LINESTRING (-52.6 11.2, -53.8 11.2, -54.6 11.3, -55.4 11.4, -56.2 11.5, -57 11.4, -58 11.5, -58.7 11.5, -60 11.7, -61.4 11.9, -62.5 11.9)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep082017 LINESTRING (-118.8 14.6, -119.4 14.9, -119.9 14.8, -120.8 14.6, -121.1 14.5, -121.7 14.1, -122.2 13.9, -122.6 13.7, -123.1 13.4, -123.9 13.3)
None
al052017 LINESTRING (-52.6 11.2, -53.8 11.2, -54.6 11.3, -55.4 11.4, -56.2 11.5, -57 11.4, -58 11.5, -58.7 11.5, -60 11.7, -61.4 11.9, -62.5 11.9)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
al052017 LINESTRING (-52.6 11.2, -53.8 11.2, -54.6 11.3, -55.4 11.4, -56.2 11.5, -57 11.4, -58 11.5, -58.7 11.5, -60 11.7, -61.4 11.9, -62.5 11.9)
None
al052017 LINESTRING (-52.6 11.2, -53.8 11.2, -54.6 11.3, -55.4 11.4, -56.2 11.5, -57 11.4, -58 11.5, -58.7 11.5, -60 11.7, -61.4 11.9, -62.5 11.9)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep082017 LINESTRING (-118.8 14.6, -119.4 14.9, -119.9 14.8, -120.8 14.6, -121.1 14.5, -121.7 14.1, -122.2 13.9, -122.6 13.7, -123.1 13.4, -123.9 13.3)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep082017 LINESTRING (-118.8 14.6, -119.4 14.9, -119.9 14.8, -120.8 14.6, -121.1 14.5, -121.7 14.1, -122.2 13.9, -122.6 13.7, -123.1 13.4, -123.9 13.3)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep082017 LINESTRING (-118.8 14.6, -119.4 14.9, -119.9 14.8, -120.8 14.6, -121.1 14.5, -121.7 14.1, -122.2 13.9, -122.6 13.7, -123.1 13.4, -123.9 13.3)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep082017 LINESTRING (-118.8 14.6, -119.4 14.9, -119.9 14.8, -120.8 14.6, -121.1 14.5, -121.7 14.1, -122.2 13.9, -122.6 13.7, -123.1 13.4, -123.9 13.3)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep082017 LINESTRING (-118.8 14.6, -119.4 14.9, -119.9 14.8, -120.8 14.6, -121.1 14.5, -121.7 14.1, -122.2 13.9, -122.6 13.7, -123.1 13.4, -123.9 13.3)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep082017 LINESTRING (-118.8 14.6, -119.4 14.9, -119.9 14.8, -120.8 14.6, -121.1 14.5, -121.7 14.1, -122.2 13.9, -122.6 13.7, -123.1 13.4, -123.9 13.3)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep082017 LINESTRING (-118.8 14.6, -119.4 14.9, -119.9 14.8, -120.8 14.6, -121.1 14.5, -121.7 14.1, -122.2 13.9, -122.6 13.7, -123.1 13.4, -123.9 13.3)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep082017 LINESTRING (-118.8 14.6, -119.4 14.9, -119.9 14.8, -120.8 14.6, -121.1 14.5, -121.7 14.1, -122.2 13.9, -122.6 13.7, -123.1 13.4, -123.9 13.3)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
al062017 LINESTRING (-83.5 27.7, -83.2 27.7, -82.8 27.6, -82.2 27.6, -81.7 27.8, -81 27.5, -80.09999999999999 28.3, -78.90000000000001 29.3, -77.7 30.3, -78 30.9)
None
al062017 LINESTRING (-83.5 27.7, -83.2 27.7, -82.8 27.6, -82.2 27.6, -81.7 27.8, -81 27.5, -80.09999999999999 28.3, -78.90000000000001 29.3, -77.7 30.3, -78 30.9)
None
al062017 LINESTRING (-83.5 27.7, -83.2 27.7, -82.8 27.6, -82.2 27.6, -81.7 27.8, -81 27.5, -80.09999999999999 28.3, -78.90000000000001 29.3, -77.7 30.3, -78 30.9)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
al062017 LINESTRING (-83.5 27.7, -83.2 27.7, -82.8 27.6, -82.2 27.6, -81.7 27.8, -81 27.5, -80.09999999999999 28.3, -78.90000000000001 29.3, -77.7 30.3, -78 30.9)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
al062017 LINESTRING (-83.5 27.7, -83.2 27.7, -82.8 27.6, -82.2 27.6, -81.7 27.8, -81 27.5, -80.09999999999999 28.3, -78.90000000000001 29.3, -77.7 30.3, -78 30.9)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
al062017 LINESTRING (-83.5 27.7, -83.2 27.7, -82.8 27.6, -82.2 27.6, -81.7 27.8, -81 27.5, -80.09999999999999 28.3, -78.90000000000001 29.3, -77.7 30.3, -78 30.9)
None
al062017 LINESTRING (-83.5 27.7, -83.2 27.7, -82.8 27.6, -82.2 27.6, -81.7 27.8, -81 27.5, -80.09999999999999 28.3, -78.90000000000001 29.3, -77.7 30.3, -78 30.9)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
al062017 LINESTRING (-83.5 27.7, -83.2 27.7, -82.8 27.6, -82.2 27.6, -81.7 27.8, -81 27.5, -80.09999999999999 28.3, -78.90000000000001 29.3, -77.7 30.3, -78 30.9)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
al062017 LINESTRING (-83.5 27.7, -83.2 27.7, -82.8 27.6, -82.2 27.6, -81.7 27.8, -81 27.5, -80.09999999999999 28.3, -78.90000000000001 29.3, -77.7 30.3, -78 30.9)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
al062017 LINESTRING (-83.5 27.7, -83.2 27.7, -82.8 27.6, -82.2 27.6, -81.7 27.8, -81 27.5, -80.09999999999999 28.3, -78.90000000000001 29.3, -77.7 30.3, -78 30.9)
None
ep112017 LINESTRING (-109.2 17.7, -110.2 18, -111 18.6, -111.4 19.2, -111.3 19.6, -111.7 20.3)
None
ep112017 LINESTRING (-109.2 17.7, -110.2 18, -111 18.6, -111.4 19.2, -111.3 19.6, -111.7 20.3)
None
ep112017 LINESTRING (-109.2 17.7, -110.2 18, -111 18.6, -111.4 19.2, -111.3 19.6, -111.7 20.3)
None
ep112017 LINESTRING (-109.2 17.7, -110.2 18, -111 18.6, -111.4 19.2, -111.3 19.6, -111.7 20.3)
None
ep112017 LINESTRING (-109.2 17.7, -110.2 18, -111 18.6, -111.4 19.2, -111.3 19.6, -111.7 20.3)
None
ep112017 LINESTRING (-109.2 17.7, -110.2 18, -111 18.6, -111.4 19.2, -111.3 19.6, -111.7 20.3)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
ep122017 LINESTRING (-109.8 19.3, -110.4 19.3, -111.2 20.1, -113.1 20.4, -114.7 20.6, -116 20.4, -117.4 20.4, -118.5 20.4, -119.7 20.5)
None
ep122017 LINESTRING (-109.8 19.3, -110.4 19.3, -111.2 20.1, -113.1 20.4, -114.7 20.6, -116 20.4, -117.4 20.4, -118.5 20.4, -119.7 20.5)
None
ep122017 LINESTRING (-109.8 19.3, -110.4 19.3, -111.2 20.1, -113.1 20.4, -114.7 20.6, -116 20.4, -117.4 20.4, -118.5 20.4, -119.7 20.5)
None
ep122017 LINESTRING (-109.8 19.3, -110.4 19.3, -111.2 20.1, -113.1 20.4, -114.7 20.6, -116 20.4, -117.4 20.4, -118.5 20.4, -119.7 20.5)
None
ep122017 LINESTRING (-109.8 19.3, -110.4 19.3, -111.2 20.1, -113.1 20.4, -114.7 20.6, -116 20.4, -117.4 20.4, -118.5 20.4, -119.7 20.5)
None
al082017 LINESTRING (-70.3 25.3, -70.90000000000001 26.5, -71.5 27.4, -71.7 28.1, -71.90000000000001 28.8, -72.2 29.7, -72.2 30.3, -72.3 30.6, -72.3 31.2, -72.5 31.8)
None
ep122017 LINESTRING (-109.8 19.3, -110.4 19.3, -111.2 20.1, -113.1 20.4, -114.7 20.6, -116 20.4, -117.4 20.4, -118.5 20.4, -119.7 20.5)
None
al082017 LINESTRING (-70.3 25.3, -70.90000000000001 26.5, -71.5 27.4, -71.7 28.1, -71.90000000000001 28.8, -72.2 29.7, -72.2 30.3, -72.3 30.6, -72.3 31.2, -72.5 31.8)
None
ep122017 LINESTRING (-109.8 19.3, -110.4 19.3, -111.2 20.1, -113.1 20.4, -114.7 20.6, -116 20.4, -117.4 20.4, -118.5 20.4, -119.7 20.5)
None
al082017 LINESTRING (-70.3 25.3, -70.90000000000001 26.5, -71.5 27.4, -71.7 28.1, -71.90000000000001 28.8, -72.2 29.7, -72.2 30.3, -72.3 30.6, -72.3 31.2, -72.5 31.8)
None
al082017 LINESTRING (-70.3 25.3, -70.90000000000001 26.5, -71.5 27.4, -71.7 28.1, -71.90000000000001 28.8, -72.2 29.7, -72.2 30.3, -72.3 30.6, -72.3 31.2, -72.5 31.8)
None
ep122017 LINESTRING (-109.8 19.3, -110.4 19.3, -111.2 20.1, -113.1 20.4, -114.7 20.6, -116 20.4, -117.4 20.4, -118.5 20.4, -119.7 20.5)
None
al082017 LINESTRING (-70.3 25.3, -70.90000000000001 26.5, -71.5 27.4, -71.7 28.1, -71.90000000000001 28.8, -72.2 29.7, -72.2 30.3, -72.3 30.6, -72.3 31.2, -72.5 31.8)
None
ep122017 LINESTRING (-109.8 19.3, -110.4 19.3, -111.2 20.1, -113.1 20.4, -114.7 20.6, -116 20.4, -117.4 20.4, -118.5 20.4, -119.7 20.5)
None
al082017 LINESTRING (-70.3 25.3, -70.90000000000001 26.5, -71.5 27.4, -71.7 28.1, -71.90000000000001 28.8, -72.2 29.7, -72.2 30.3, -72.3 30.6, -72.3 31.2, -72.5 31.8)
None
al082017 LINESTRING (-70.3 25.3, -70.90000000000001 26.5, -71.5 27.4, -71.7 28.1, -71.90000000000001 28.8, -72.2 29.7, -72.2 30.3, -72.3 30.6, -72.3 31.2, -72.5 31.8)
None
al082017 LINESTRING (-70.3 25.3, -70.90000000000001 26.5, -71.5 27.4, -71.7 28.1, -71.90000000000001 28.8, -72.2 29.7, -72.2 30.3, -72.3 30.6, -72.3 31.2, -72.5 31.8)
None
al082017 LINESTRING (-70.3 25.3, -70.90000000000001 26.5, -71.5 27.4, -71.7 28.1, -71.90000000000001 28.8, -72.2 29.7, -72.2 30.3, -72.3 30.6, -72.3 31.2, -72.5 31.8)
None
al082017 LINESTRING (-70.3 25.3, -70.90000000000001 26.5, -71.5 27.4, -71.7 28.1, -71.90000000000001 28.8, -72.2 29.7, -72.2 30.3, -72.3 30.6, -72.3 31.2, -72.5 31.8)
attempting to connect..
connected to ftp.nhc.noaa.gov at 2017-08-15 10:03:12.130212, attempting to log in
logged in..
switching directories
Hurricane Gert Advisory Number  11
1100 AM EDT Tue Aug 15 2017
(-72.0, 32.8)
al082017 LINESTRING (-70.3 25.3, -70.90000000000001 26.5, -71.5 27.4, -71.7 28.1, -71.90000000000001 28.8, -72.2 29.7, -72.2 30.3, -72.3 30.6, -72.3 31.2, -72.5 31.8, -72 32.8)
complete
attempting to connect..
connected to ftp.nhc.noaa.gov at 2017-08-16 10:03:03.697021, attempting to log in
logged in..
switching directories
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
al012017 LINESTRING (-40.9 31.9, -40 32.4, -39.3 33.2, -39.3 34.4, -40 36.1, -42 37.7, -44.2 39.4, -48 40, -49.9 39.3)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
al012017 LINESTRING (-40.9 31.9, -40 32.4, -39.3 33.2, -39.3 34.4, -40 36.1, -42 37.7, -44.2 39.4, -48 40, -49.9 39.3)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
al012017 LINESTRING (-40.9 31.9, -40 32.4, -39.3 33.2, -39.3 34.4, -40 36.1, -42 37.7, -44.2 39.4, -48 40, -49.9 39.3)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
al012017 LINESTRING (-40.9 31.9, -40 32.4, -39.3 33.2, -39.3 34.4, -40 36.1, -42 37.7, -44.2 39.4, -48 40, -49.9 39.3)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
al012017 LINESTRING (-40.9 31.9, -40 32.4, -39.3 33.2, -39.3 34.4, -40 36.1, -42 37.7, -44.2 39.4, -48 40, -49.9 39.3)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
al012017 LINESTRING (-40.9 31.9, -40 32.4, -39.3 33.2, -39.3 34.4, -40 36.1, -42 37.7, -44.2 39.4, -48 40, -49.9 39.3)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
al012017 LINESTRING (-40.9 31.9, -40 32.4, -39.3 33.2, -39.3 34.4, -40 36.1, -42 37.7, -44.2 39.4, -48 40, -49.9 39.3)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
al012017 LINESTRING (-40.9 31.9, -40 32.4, -39.3 33.2, -39.3 34.4, -40 36.1, -42 37.7, -44.2 39.4, -48 40, -49.9 39.3)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
al012017 LINESTRING (-40.9 31.9, -40 32.4, -39.3 33.2, -39.3 34.4, -40 36.1, -42 37.7, -44.2 39.4, -48 40, -49.9 39.3)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep012017 LINESTRING (-91.3 9.300000000000001, -92.3 9.5, -92.7 10, -92.7 10.4, -92.7 10.5, -93.09999999999999 10.5, -93.5 10.9, -93.8 11.3)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
ep012017 LINESTRING (-91.3 9.300000000000001, -92.3 9.5, -92.7 10, -92.7 10.4, -92.7 10.5, -93.09999999999999 10.5, -93.5 10.9, -93.8 11.3)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
ep012017 LINESTRING (-91.3 9.300000000000001, -92.3 9.5, -92.7 10, -92.7 10.4, -92.7 10.5, -93.09999999999999 10.5, -93.5 10.9, -93.8 11.3)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep012017 LINESTRING (-91.3 9.300000000000001, -92.3 9.5, -92.7 10, -92.7 10.4, -92.7 10.5, -93.09999999999999 10.5, -93.5 10.9, -93.8 11.3)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep012017 LINESTRING (-91.3 9.300000000000001, -92.3 9.5, -92.7 10, -92.7 10.4, -92.7 10.5, -93.09999999999999 10.5, -93.5 10.9, -93.8 11.3)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
ep012017 LINESTRING (-91.3 9.300000000000001, -92.3 9.5, -92.7 10, -92.7 10.4, -92.7 10.5, -93.09999999999999 10.5, -93.5 10.9, -93.8 11.3)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
ep012017 LINESTRING (-91.3 9.300000000000001, -92.3 9.5, -92.7 10, -92.7 10.4, -92.7 10.5, -93.09999999999999 10.5, -93.5 10.9, -93.8 11.3)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep012017 LINESTRING (-91.3 9.300000000000001, -92.3 9.5, -92.7 10, -92.7 10.4, -92.7 10.5, -93.09999999999999 10.5, -93.5 10.9, -93.8 11.3)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
al042017 LINESTRING (-38.4 12.8, -40 13.2, -42.6 13.2, -44.9 13.1, -46.7 13.4, -48.8 15, -50.9 15.6, -52.5 16.5)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
al042017 LINESTRING (-38.4 12.8, -40 13.2, -42.6 13.2, -44.9 13.1, -46.7 13.4, -48.8 15, -50.9 15.6, -52.5 16.5)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
al042017 LINESTRING (-38.4 12.8, -40 13.2, -42.6 13.2, -44.9 13.1, -46.7 13.4, -48.8 15, -50.9 15.6, -52.5 16.5)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
al042017 LINESTRING (-38.4 12.8, -40 13.2, -42.6 13.2, -44.9 13.1, -46.7 13.4, -48.8 15, -50.9 15.6, -52.5 16.5)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
al042017 LINESTRING (-38.4 12.8, -40 13.2, -42.6 13.2, -44.9 13.1, -46.7 13.4, -48.8 15, -50.9 15.6, -52.5 16.5)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
al042017 LINESTRING (-38.4 12.8, -40 13.2, -42.6 13.2, -44.9 13.1, -46.7 13.4, -48.8 15, -50.9 15.6, -52.5 16.5)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
al042017 LINESTRING (-38.4 12.8, -40 13.2, -42.6 13.2, -44.9 13.1, -46.7 13.4, -48.8 15, -50.9 15.6, -52.5 16.5)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
al042017 LINESTRING (-38.4 12.8, -40 13.2, -42.6 13.2, -44.9 13.1, -46.7 13.4, -48.8 15, -50.9 15.6, -52.5 16.5)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
al052017 LINESTRING (-52.6 11.2, -53.8 11.2, -54.6 11.3, -55.4 11.4, -56.2 11.5, -57 11.4, -58 11.5, -58.7 11.5, -60 11.7, -61.4 11.9, -62.5 11.9)
None
al052017 LINESTRING (-52.6 11.2, -53.8 11.2, -54.6 11.3, -55.4 11.4, -56.2 11.5, -57 11.4, -58 11.5, -58.7 11.5, -60 11.7, -61.4 11.9, -62.5 11.9)
None
al052017 LINESTRING (-52.6 11.2, -53.8 11.2, -54.6 11.3, -55.4 11.4, -56.2 11.5, -57 11.4, -58 11.5, -58.7 11.5, -60 11.7, -61.4 11.9, -62.5 11.9)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
al052017 LINESTRING (-52.6 11.2, -53.8 11.2, -54.6 11.3, -55.4 11.4, -56.2 11.5, -57 11.4, -58 11.5, -58.7 11.5, -60 11.7, -61.4 11.9, -62.5 11.9)
None
al052017 LINESTRING (-52.6 11.2, -53.8 11.2, -54.6 11.3, -55.4 11.4, -56.2 11.5, -57 11.4, -58 11.5, -58.7 11.5, -60 11.7, -61.4 11.9, -62.5 11.9)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
al052017 LINESTRING (-52.6 11.2, -53.8 11.2, -54.6 11.3, -55.4 11.4, -56.2 11.5, -57 11.4, -58 11.5, -58.7 11.5, -60 11.7, -61.4 11.9, -62.5 11.9)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep082017 LINESTRING (-118.8 14.6, -119.4 14.9, -119.9 14.8, -120.8 14.6, -121.1 14.5, -121.7 14.1, -122.2 13.9, -122.6 13.7, -123.1 13.4, -123.9 13.3)
None
al052017 LINESTRING (-52.6 11.2, -53.8 11.2, -54.6 11.3, -55.4 11.4, -56.2 11.5, -57 11.4, -58 11.5, -58.7 11.5, -60 11.7, -61.4 11.9, -62.5 11.9)
None
al052017 LINESTRING (-52.6 11.2, -53.8 11.2, -54.6 11.3, -55.4 11.4, -56.2 11.5, -57 11.4, -58 11.5, -58.7 11.5, -60 11.7, -61.4 11.9, -62.5 11.9)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep082017 LINESTRING (-118.8 14.6, -119.4 14.9, -119.9 14.8, -120.8 14.6, -121.1 14.5, -121.7 14.1, -122.2 13.9, -122.6 13.7, -123.1 13.4, -123.9 13.3)
None
al052017 LINESTRING (-52.6 11.2, -53.8 11.2, -54.6 11.3, -55.4 11.4, -56.2 11.5, -57 11.4, -58 11.5, -58.7 11.5, -60 11.7, -61.4 11.9, -62.5 11.9)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
al052017 LINESTRING (-52.6 11.2, -53.8 11.2, -54.6 11.3, -55.4 11.4, -56.2 11.5, -57 11.4, -58 11.5, -58.7 11.5, -60 11.7, -61.4 11.9, -62.5 11.9)
None
al052017 LINESTRING (-52.6 11.2, -53.8 11.2, -54.6 11.3, -55.4 11.4, -56.2 11.5, -57 11.4, -58 11.5, -58.7 11.5, -60 11.7, -61.4 11.9, -62.5 11.9)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep082017 LINESTRING (-118.8 14.6, -119.4 14.9, -119.9 14.8, -120.8 14.6, -121.1 14.5, -121.7 14.1, -122.2 13.9, -122.6 13.7, -123.1 13.4, -123.9 13.3)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep082017 LINESTRING (-118.8 14.6, -119.4 14.9, -119.9 14.8, -120.8 14.6, -121.1 14.5, -121.7 14.1, -122.2 13.9, -122.6 13.7, -123.1 13.4, -123.9 13.3)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep082017 LINESTRING (-118.8 14.6, -119.4 14.9, -119.9 14.8, -120.8 14.6, -121.1 14.5, -121.7 14.1, -122.2 13.9, -122.6 13.7, -123.1 13.4, -123.9 13.3)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep082017 LINESTRING (-118.8 14.6, -119.4 14.9, -119.9 14.8, -120.8 14.6, -121.1 14.5, -121.7 14.1, -122.2 13.9, -122.6 13.7, -123.1 13.4, -123.9 13.3)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep082017 LINESTRING (-118.8 14.6, -119.4 14.9, -119.9 14.8, -120.8 14.6, -121.1 14.5, -121.7 14.1, -122.2 13.9, -122.6 13.7, -123.1 13.4, -123.9 13.3)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep082017 LINESTRING (-118.8 14.6, -119.4 14.9, -119.9 14.8, -120.8 14.6, -121.1 14.5, -121.7 14.1, -122.2 13.9, -122.6 13.7, -123.1 13.4, -123.9 13.3)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep082017 LINESTRING (-118.8 14.6, -119.4 14.9, -119.9 14.8, -120.8 14.6, -121.1 14.5, -121.7 14.1, -122.2 13.9, -122.6 13.7, -123.1 13.4, -123.9 13.3)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep082017 LINESTRING (-118.8 14.6, -119.4 14.9, -119.9 14.8, -120.8 14.6, -121.1 14.5, -121.7 14.1, -122.2 13.9, -122.6 13.7, -123.1 13.4, -123.9 13.3)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
al062017 LINESTRING (-83.5 27.7, -83.2 27.7, -82.8 27.6, -82.2 27.6, -81.7 27.8, -81 27.5, -80.09999999999999 28.3, -78.90000000000001 29.3, -77.7 30.3, -78 30.9)
None
al062017 LINESTRING (-83.5 27.7, -83.2 27.7, -82.8 27.6, -82.2 27.6, -81.7 27.8, -81 27.5, -80.09999999999999 28.3, -78.90000000000001 29.3, -77.7 30.3, -78 30.9)
None
al062017 LINESTRING (-83.5 27.7, -83.2 27.7, -82.8 27.6, -82.2 27.6, -81.7 27.8, -81 27.5, -80.09999999999999 28.3, -78.90000000000001 29.3, -77.7 30.3, -78 30.9)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
al062017 LINESTRING (-83.5 27.7, -83.2 27.7, -82.8 27.6, -82.2 27.6, -81.7 27.8, -81 27.5, -80.09999999999999 28.3, -78.90000000000001 29.3, -77.7 30.3, -78 30.9)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
al062017 LINESTRING (-83.5 27.7, -83.2 27.7, -82.8 27.6, -82.2 27.6, -81.7 27.8, -81 27.5, -80.09999999999999 28.3, -78.90000000000001 29.3, -77.7 30.3, -78 30.9)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
al062017 LINESTRING (-83.5 27.7, -83.2 27.7, -82.8 27.6, -82.2 27.6, -81.7 27.8, -81 27.5, -80.09999999999999 28.3, -78.90000000000001 29.3, -77.7 30.3, -78 30.9)
None
al062017 LINESTRING (-83.5 27.7, -83.2 27.7, -82.8 27.6, -82.2 27.6, -81.7 27.8, -81 27.5, -80.09999999999999 28.3, -78.90000000000001 29.3, -77.7 30.3, -78 30.9)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
al062017 LINESTRING (-83.5 27.7, -83.2 27.7, -82.8 27.6, -82.2 27.6, -81.7 27.8, -81 27.5, -80.09999999999999 28.3, -78.90000000000001 29.3, -77.7 30.3, -78 30.9)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
al062017 LINESTRING (-83.5 27.7, -83.2 27.7, -82.8 27.6, -82.2 27.6, -81.7 27.8, -81 27.5, -80.09999999999999 28.3, -78.90000000000001 29.3, -77.7 30.3, -78 30.9)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
al062017 LINESTRING (-83.5 27.7, -83.2 27.7, -82.8 27.6, -82.2 27.6, -81.7 27.8, -81 27.5, -80.09999999999999 28.3, -78.90000000000001 29.3, -77.7 30.3, -78 30.9)
None
ep112017 LINESTRING (-109.2 17.7, -110.2 18, -111 18.6, -111.4 19.2, -111.3 19.6, -111.7 20.3)
None
ep112017 LINESTRING (-109.2 17.7, -110.2 18, -111 18.6, -111.4 19.2, -111.3 19.6, -111.7 20.3)
None
ep112017 LINESTRING (-109.2 17.7, -110.2 18, -111 18.6, -111.4 19.2, -111.3 19.6, -111.7 20.3)
None
ep112017 LINESTRING (-109.2 17.7, -110.2 18, -111 18.6, -111.4 19.2, -111.3 19.6, -111.7 20.3)
None
ep112017 LINESTRING (-109.2 17.7, -110.2 18, -111 18.6, -111.4 19.2, -111.3 19.6, -111.7 20.3)
None
ep112017 LINESTRING (-109.2 17.7, -110.2 18, -111 18.6, -111.4 19.2, -111.3 19.6, -111.7 20.3)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
ep122017 LINESTRING (-109.8 19.3, -110.4 19.3, -111.2 20.1, -113.1 20.4, -114.7 20.6, -116 20.4, -117.4 20.4, -118.5 20.4, -119.7 20.5)
None
ep122017 LINESTRING (-109.8 19.3, -110.4 19.3, -111.2 20.1, -113.1 20.4, -114.7 20.6, -116 20.4, -117.4 20.4, -118.5 20.4, -119.7 20.5)
None
ep122017 LINESTRING (-109.8 19.3, -110.4 19.3, -111.2 20.1, -113.1 20.4, -114.7 20.6, -116 20.4, -117.4 20.4, -118.5 20.4, -119.7 20.5)
None
ep122017 LINESTRING (-109.8 19.3, -110.4 19.3, -111.2 20.1, -113.1 20.4, -114.7 20.6, -116 20.4, -117.4 20.4, -118.5 20.4, -119.7 20.5)
None
ep122017 LINESTRING (-109.8 19.3, -110.4 19.3, -111.2 20.1, -113.1 20.4, -114.7 20.6, -116 20.4, -117.4 20.4, -118.5 20.4, -119.7 20.5)
None
al082017 LINESTRING (-70.3 25.3, -70.90000000000001 26.5, -71.5 27.4, -71.7 28.1, -71.90000000000001 28.8, -72.2 29.7, -72.2 30.3, -72.3 30.6, -72.3 31.2, -72.5 31.8, -72 32.8, -71.2 33.7, -70.3 34.8, -68.40000000000001 36)
None
ep122017 LINESTRING (-109.8 19.3, -110.4 19.3, -111.2 20.1, -113.1 20.4, -114.7 20.6, -116 20.4, -117.4 20.4, -118.5 20.4, -119.7 20.5)
None
al082017 LINESTRING (-70.3 25.3, -70.90000000000001 26.5, -71.5 27.4, -71.7 28.1, -71.90000000000001 28.8, -72.2 29.7, -72.2 30.3, -72.3 30.6, -72.3 31.2, -72.5 31.8, -72 32.8, -71.2 33.7, -70.3 34.8, -68.40000000000001 36)
None
ep122017 LINESTRING (-109.8 19.3, -110.4 19.3, -111.2 20.1, -113.1 20.4, -114.7 20.6, -116 20.4, -117.4 20.4, -118.5 20.4, -119.7 20.5)
None
al082017 LINESTRING (-70.3 25.3, -70.90000000000001 26.5, -71.5 27.4, -71.7 28.1, -71.90000000000001 28.8, -72.2 29.7, -72.2 30.3, -72.3 30.6, -72.3 31.2, -72.5 31.8, -72 32.8, -71.2 33.7, -70.3 34.8, -68.40000000000001 36)
None
al082017 LINESTRING (-70.3 25.3, -70.90000000000001 26.5, -71.5 27.4, -71.7 28.1, -71.90000000000001 28.8, -72.2 29.7, -72.2 30.3, -72.3 30.6, -72.3 31.2, -72.5 31.8, -72 32.8, -71.2 33.7, -70.3 34.8, -68.40000000000001 36)
None
ep122017 LINESTRING (-109.8 19.3, -110.4 19.3, -111.2 20.1, -113.1 20.4, -114.7 20.6, -116 20.4, -117.4 20.4, -118.5 20.4, -119.7 20.5)
None
al082017 LINESTRING (-70.3 25.3, -70.90000000000001 26.5, -71.5 27.4, -71.7 28.1, -71.90000000000001 28.8, -72.2 29.7, -72.2 30.3, -72.3 30.6, -72.3 31.2, -72.5 31.8, -72 32.8, -71.2 33.7, -70.3 34.8, -68.40000000000001 36)
None
ep122017 LINESTRING (-109.8 19.3, -110.4 19.3, -111.2 20.1, -113.1 20.4, -114.7 20.6, -116 20.4, -117.4 20.4, -118.5 20.4, -119.7 20.5)
None
al082017 LINESTRING (-70.3 25.3, -70.90000000000001 26.5, -71.5 27.4, -71.7 28.1, -71.90000000000001 28.8, -72.2 29.7, -72.2 30.3, -72.3 30.6, -72.3 31.2, -72.5 31.8, -72 32.8, -71.2 33.7, -70.3 34.8, -68.40000000000001 36)
None
al082017 LINESTRING (-70.3 25.3, -70.90000000000001 26.5, -71.5 27.4, -71.7 28.1, -71.90000000000001 28.8, -72.2 29.7, -72.2 30.3, -72.3 30.6, -72.3 31.2, -72.5 31.8, -72 32.8, -71.2 33.7, -70.3 34.8, -68.40000000000001 36)
None
al082017 LINESTRING (-70.3 25.3, -70.90000000000001 26.5, -71.5 27.4, -71.7 28.1, -71.90000000000001 28.8, -72.2 29.7, -72.2 30.3, -72.3 30.6, -72.3 31.2, -72.5 31.8, -72 32.8, -71.2 33.7, -70.3 34.8, -68.40000000000001 36)
None
al082017 LINESTRING (-70.3 25.3, -70.90000000000001 26.5, -71.5 27.4, -71.7 28.1, -71.90000000000001 28.8, -72.2 29.7, -72.2 30.3, -72.3 30.6, -72.3 31.2, -72.5 31.8, -72 32.8, -71.2 33.7, -70.3 34.8, -68.40000000000001 36)
None
al082017 LINESTRING (-70.3 25.3, -70.90000000000001 26.5, -71.5 27.4, -71.7 28.1, -71.90000000000001 28.8, -72.2 29.7, -72.2 30.3, -72.3 30.6, -72.3 31.2, -72.5 31.8, -72 32.8, -71.2 33.7, -70.3 34.8, -68.40000000000001 36)
None
al082017 LINESTRING (-70.3 25.3, -70.90000000000001 26.5, -71.5 27.4, -71.7 28.1, -71.90000000000001 28.8, -72.2 29.7, -72.2 30.3, -72.3 30.6, -72.3 31.2, -72.5 31.8, -72 32.8, -71.2 33.7, -70.3 34.8, -68.40000000000001 36)
None
al082017 LINESTRING (-70.3 25.3, -70.90000000000001 26.5, -71.5 27.4, -71.7 28.1, -71.90000000000001 28.8, -72.2 29.7, -72.2 30.3, -72.3 30.6, -72.3 31.2, -72.5 31.8, -72 32.8, -71.2 33.7, -70.3 34.8, -68.40000000000001 36)
None
al082017 LINESTRING (-70.3 25.3, -70.90000000000001 26.5, -71.5 27.4, -71.7 28.1, -71.90000000000001 28.8, -72.2 29.7, -72.2 30.3, -72.3 30.6, -72.3 31.2, -72.5 31.8, -72 32.8, -71.2 33.7, -70.3 34.8, -68.40000000000001 36)
None
al082017 LINESTRING (-70.3 25.3, -70.90000000000001 26.5, -71.5 27.4, -71.7 28.1, -71.90000000000001 28.8, -72.2 29.7, -72.2 30.3, -72.3 30.6, -72.3 31.2, -72.5 31.8, -72 32.8, -71.2 33.7, -70.3 34.8, -68.40000000000001 36)
attempting to connect..
connected to ftp.nhc.noaa.gov at 2017-08-16 10:03:09.866320, attempting to log in
logged in..
switching directories
Hurricane Gert Advisory Number  15
1100 AM AST Wed Aug 16 2017
(-65.7, 37.4)
al082017 LINESTRING (-70.3 25.3, -70.90000000000001 26.5, -71.5 27.4, -71.7 28.1, -71.90000000000001 28.8, -72.2 29.7, -72.2 30.3, -72.3 30.6, -72.3 31.2, -72.5 31.8, -72 32.8, -71.2 33.7, -70.3 34.8, -68.40000000000001 36, -65.7 37.4)
complete
attempting to connect..
connected to ftp.nhc.noaa.gov at 2017-08-17 10:03:04.090661, attempting to log in
logged in..
switching directories
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
al012017 LINESTRING (-40.9 31.9, -40 32.4, -39.3 33.2, -39.3 34.4, -40 36.1, -42 37.7, -44.2 39.4, -48 40, -49.9 39.3)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
al012017 LINESTRING (-40.9 31.9, -40 32.4, -39.3 33.2, -39.3 34.4, -40 36.1, -42 37.7, -44.2 39.4, -48 40, -49.9 39.3)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
al012017 LINESTRING (-40.9 31.9, -40 32.4, -39.3 33.2, -39.3 34.4, -40 36.1, -42 37.7, -44.2 39.4, -48 40, -49.9 39.3)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
al012017 LINESTRING (-40.9 31.9, -40 32.4, -39.3 33.2, -39.3 34.4, -40 36.1, -42 37.7, -44.2 39.4, -48 40, -49.9 39.3)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
al012017 LINESTRING (-40.9 31.9, -40 32.4, -39.3 33.2, -39.3 34.4, -40 36.1, -42 37.7, -44.2 39.4, -48 40, -49.9 39.3)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
al012017 LINESTRING (-40.9 31.9, -40 32.4, -39.3 33.2, -39.3 34.4, -40 36.1, -42 37.7, -44.2 39.4, -48 40, -49.9 39.3)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
al012017 LINESTRING (-40.9 31.9, -40 32.4, -39.3 33.2, -39.3 34.4, -40 36.1, -42 37.7, -44.2 39.4, -48 40, -49.9 39.3)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
al012017 LINESTRING (-40.9 31.9, -40 32.4, -39.3 33.2, -39.3 34.4, -40 36.1, -42 37.7, -44.2 39.4, -48 40, -49.9 39.3)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
al012017 LINESTRING (-40.9 31.9, -40 32.4, -39.3 33.2, -39.3 34.4, -40 36.1, -42 37.7, -44.2 39.4, -48 40, -49.9 39.3)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep012017 LINESTRING (-91.3 9.300000000000001, -92.3 9.5, -92.7 10, -92.7 10.4, -92.7 10.5, -93.09999999999999 10.5, -93.5 10.9, -93.8 11.3)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
ep012017 LINESTRING (-91.3 9.300000000000001, -92.3 9.5, -92.7 10, -92.7 10.4, -92.7 10.5, -93.09999999999999 10.5, -93.5 10.9, -93.8 11.3)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
ep012017 LINESTRING (-91.3 9.300000000000001, -92.3 9.5, -92.7 10, -92.7 10.4, -92.7 10.5, -93.09999999999999 10.5, -93.5 10.9, -93.8 11.3)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep012017 LINESTRING (-91.3 9.300000000000001, -92.3 9.5, -92.7 10, -92.7 10.4, -92.7 10.5, -93.09999999999999 10.5, -93.5 10.9, -93.8 11.3)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep012017 LINESTRING (-91.3 9.300000000000001, -92.3 9.5, -92.7 10, -92.7 10.4, -92.7 10.5, -93.09999999999999 10.5, -93.5 10.9, -93.8 11.3)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
ep012017 LINESTRING (-91.3 9.300000000000001, -92.3 9.5, -92.7 10, -92.7 10.4, -92.7 10.5, -93.09999999999999 10.5, -93.5 10.9, -93.8 11.3)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
ep012017 LINESTRING (-91.3 9.300000000000001, -92.3 9.5, -92.7 10, -92.7 10.4, -92.7 10.5, -93.09999999999999 10.5, -93.5 10.9, -93.8 11.3)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep012017 LINESTRING (-91.3 9.300000000000001, -92.3 9.5, -92.7 10, -92.7 10.4, -92.7 10.5, -93.09999999999999 10.5, -93.5 10.9, -93.8 11.3)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
al042017 LINESTRING (-38.4 12.8, -40 13.2, -42.6 13.2, -44.9 13.1, -46.7 13.4, -48.8 15, -50.9 15.6, -52.5 16.5)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
al042017 LINESTRING (-38.4 12.8, -40 13.2, -42.6 13.2, -44.9 13.1, -46.7 13.4, -48.8 15, -50.9 15.6, -52.5 16.5)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
al042017 LINESTRING (-38.4 12.8, -40 13.2, -42.6 13.2, -44.9 13.1, -46.7 13.4, -48.8 15, -50.9 15.6, -52.5 16.5)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
al042017 LINESTRING (-38.4 12.8, -40 13.2, -42.6 13.2, -44.9 13.1, -46.7 13.4, -48.8 15, -50.9 15.6, -52.5 16.5)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
al042017 LINESTRING (-38.4 12.8, -40 13.2, -42.6 13.2, -44.9 13.1, -46.7 13.4, -48.8 15, -50.9 15.6, -52.5 16.5)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
al042017 LINESTRING (-38.4 12.8, -40 13.2, -42.6 13.2, -44.9 13.1, -46.7 13.4, -48.8 15, -50.9 15.6, -52.5 16.5)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
al042017 LINESTRING (-38.4 12.8, -40 13.2, -42.6 13.2, -44.9 13.1, -46.7 13.4, -48.8 15, -50.9 15.6, -52.5 16.5)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
al042017 LINESTRING (-38.4 12.8, -40 13.2, -42.6 13.2, -44.9 13.1, -46.7 13.4, -48.8 15, -50.9 15.6, -52.5 16.5)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
al052017 LINESTRING (-52.6 11.2, -53.8 11.2, -54.6 11.3, -55.4 11.4, -56.2 11.5, -57 11.4, -58 11.5, -58.7 11.5, -60 11.7, -61.4 11.9, -62.5 11.9)
None
al052017 LINESTRING (-52.6 11.2, -53.8 11.2, -54.6 11.3, -55.4 11.4, -56.2 11.5, -57 11.4, -58 11.5, -58.7 11.5, -60 11.7, -61.4 11.9, -62.5 11.9)
None
al052017 LINESTRING (-52.6 11.2, -53.8 11.2, -54.6 11.3, -55.4 11.4, -56.2 11.5, -57 11.4, -58 11.5, -58.7 11.5, -60 11.7, -61.4 11.9, -62.5 11.9)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
al052017 LINESTRING (-52.6 11.2, -53.8 11.2, -54.6 11.3, -55.4 11.4, -56.2 11.5, -57 11.4, -58 11.5, -58.7 11.5, -60 11.7, -61.4 11.9, -62.5 11.9)
None
al052017 LINESTRING (-52.6 11.2, -53.8 11.2, -54.6 11.3, -55.4 11.4, -56.2 11.5, -57 11.4, -58 11.5, -58.7 11.5, -60 11.7, -61.4 11.9, -62.5 11.9)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
al052017 LINESTRING (-52.6 11.2, -53.8 11.2, -54.6 11.3, -55.4 11.4, -56.2 11.5, -57 11.4, -58 11.5, -58.7 11.5, -60 11.7, -61.4 11.9, -62.5 11.9)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep082017 LINESTRING (-118.8 14.6, -119.4 14.9, -119.9 14.8, -120.8 14.6, -121.1 14.5, -121.7 14.1, -122.2 13.9, -122.6 13.7, -123.1 13.4, -123.9 13.3)
None
al052017 LINESTRING (-52.6 11.2, -53.8 11.2, -54.6 11.3, -55.4 11.4, -56.2 11.5, -57 11.4, -58 11.5, -58.7 11.5, -60 11.7, -61.4 11.9, -62.5 11.9)
None
al052017 LINESTRING (-52.6 11.2, -53.8 11.2, -54.6 11.3, -55.4 11.4, -56.2 11.5, -57 11.4, -58 11.5, -58.7 11.5, -60 11.7, -61.4 11.9, -62.5 11.9)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep082017 LINESTRING (-118.8 14.6, -119.4 14.9, -119.9 14.8, -120.8 14.6, -121.1 14.5, -121.7 14.1, -122.2 13.9, -122.6 13.7, -123.1 13.4, -123.9 13.3)
None
al052017 LINESTRING (-52.6 11.2, -53.8 11.2, -54.6 11.3, -55.4 11.4, -56.2 11.5, -57 11.4, -58 11.5, -58.7 11.5, -60 11.7, -61.4 11.9, -62.5 11.9)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
al052017 LINESTRING (-52.6 11.2, -53.8 11.2, -54.6 11.3, -55.4 11.4, -56.2 11.5, -57 11.4, -58 11.5, -58.7 11.5, -60 11.7, -61.4 11.9, -62.5 11.9)
None
al052017 LINESTRING (-52.6 11.2, -53.8 11.2, -54.6 11.3, -55.4 11.4, -56.2 11.5, -57 11.4, -58 11.5, -58.7 11.5, -60 11.7, -61.4 11.9, -62.5 11.9)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep082017 LINESTRING (-118.8 14.6, -119.4 14.9, -119.9 14.8, -120.8 14.6, -121.1 14.5, -121.7 14.1, -122.2 13.9, -122.6 13.7, -123.1 13.4, -123.9 13.3)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep082017 LINESTRING (-118.8 14.6, -119.4 14.9, -119.9 14.8, -120.8 14.6, -121.1 14.5, -121.7 14.1, -122.2 13.9, -122.6 13.7, -123.1 13.4, -123.9 13.3)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep082017 LINESTRING (-118.8 14.6, -119.4 14.9, -119.9 14.8, -120.8 14.6, -121.1 14.5, -121.7 14.1, -122.2 13.9, -122.6 13.7, -123.1 13.4, -123.9 13.3)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep082017 LINESTRING (-118.8 14.6, -119.4 14.9, -119.9 14.8, -120.8 14.6, -121.1 14.5, -121.7 14.1, -122.2 13.9, -122.6 13.7, -123.1 13.4, -123.9 13.3)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep082017 LINESTRING (-118.8 14.6, -119.4 14.9, -119.9 14.8, -120.8 14.6, -121.1 14.5, -121.7 14.1, -122.2 13.9, -122.6 13.7, -123.1 13.4, -123.9 13.3)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep082017 LINESTRING (-118.8 14.6, -119.4 14.9, -119.9 14.8, -120.8 14.6, -121.1 14.5, -121.7 14.1, -122.2 13.9, -122.6 13.7, -123.1 13.4, -123.9 13.3)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep082017 LINESTRING (-118.8 14.6, -119.4 14.9, -119.9 14.8, -120.8 14.6, -121.1 14.5, -121.7 14.1, -122.2 13.9, -122.6 13.7, -123.1 13.4, -123.9 13.3)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep082017 LINESTRING (-118.8 14.6, -119.4 14.9, -119.9 14.8, -120.8 14.6, -121.1 14.5, -121.7 14.1, -122.2 13.9, -122.6 13.7, -123.1 13.4, -123.9 13.3)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
al062017 LINESTRING (-83.5 27.7, -83.2 27.7, -82.8 27.6, -82.2 27.6, -81.7 27.8, -81 27.5, -80.09999999999999 28.3, -78.90000000000001 29.3, -77.7 30.3, -78 30.9)
None
al062017 LINESTRING (-83.5 27.7, -83.2 27.7, -82.8 27.6, -82.2 27.6, -81.7 27.8, -81 27.5, -80.09999999999999 28.3, -78.90000000000001 29.3, -77.7 30.3, -78 30.9)
None
al062017 LINESTRING (-83.5 27.7, -83.2 27.7, -82.8 27.6, -82.2 27.6, -81.7 27.8, -81 27.5, -80.09999999999999 28.3, -78.90000000000001 29.3, -77.7 30.3, -78 30.9)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
al062017 LINESTRING (-83.5 27.7, -83.2 27.7, -82.8 27.6, -82.2 27.6, -81.7 27.8, -81 27.5, -80.09999999999999 28.3, -78.90000000000001 29.3, -77.7 30.3, -78 30.9)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
al062017 LINESTRING (-83.5 27.7, -83.2 27.7, -82.8 27.6, -82.2 27.6, -81.7 27.8, -81 27.5, -80.09999999999999 28.3, -78.90000000000001 29.3, -77.7 30.3, -78 30.9)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
al062017 LINESTRING (-83.5 27.7, -83.2 27.7, -82.8 27.6, -82.2 27.6, -81.7 27.8, -81 27.5, -80.09999999999999 28.3, -78.90000000000001 29.3, -77.7 30.3, -78 30.9)
None
al062017 LINESTRING (-83.5 27.7, -83.2 27.7, -82.8 27.6, -82.2 27.6, -81.7 27.8, -81 27.5, -80.09999999999999 28.3, -78.90000000000001 29.3, -77.7 30.3, -78 30.9)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
al062017 LINESTRING (-83.5 27.7, -83.2 27.7, -82.8 27.6, -82.2 27.6, -81.7 27.8, -81 27.5, -80.09999999999999 28.3, -78.90000000000001 29.3, -77.7 30.3, -78 30.9)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
al062017 LINESTRING (-83.5 27.7, -83.2 27.7, -82.8 27.6, -82.2 27.6, -81.7 27.8, -81 27.5, -80.09999999999999 28.3, -78.90000000000001 29.3, -77.7 30.3, -78 30.9)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
al062017 LINESTRING (-83.5 27.7, -83.2 27.7, -82.8 27.6, -82.2 27.6, -81.7 27.8, -81 27.5, -80.09999999999999 28.3, -78.90000000000001 29.3, -77.7 30.3, -78 30.9)
None
ep112017 LINESTRING (-109.2 17.7, -110.2 18, -111 18.6, -111.4 19.2, -111.3 19.6, -111.7 20.3)
None
ep112017 LINESTRING (-109.2 17.7, -110.2 18, -111 18.6, -111.4 19.2, -111.3 19.6, -111.7 20.3)
None
ep112017 LINESTRING (-109.2 17.7, -110.2 18, -111 18.6, -111.4 19.2, -111.3 19.6, -111.7 20.3)
None
ep112017 LINESTRING (-109.2 17.7, -110.2 18, -111 18.6, -111.4 19.2, -111.3 19.6, -111.7 20.3)
None
ep112017 LINESTRING (-109.2 17.7, -110.2 18, -111 18.6, -111.4 19.2, -111.3 19.6, -111.7 20.3)
None
ep112017 LINESTRING (-109.2 17.7, -110.2 18, -111 18.6, -111.4 19.2, -111.3 19.6, -111.7 20.3)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
ep122017 LINESTRING (-109.8 19.3, -110.4 19.3, -111.2 20.1, -113.1 20.4, -114.7 20.6, -116 20.4, -117.4 20.4, -118.5 20.4, -119.7 20.5)
None
ep122017 LINESTRING (-109.8 19.3, -110.4 19.3, -111.2 20.1, -113.1 20.4, -114.7 20.6, -116 20.4, -117.4 20.4, -118.5 20.4, -119.7 20.5)
None
ep122017 LINESTRING (-109.8 19.3, -110.4 19.3, -111.2 20.1, -113.1 20.4, -114.7 20.6, -116 20.4, -117.4 20.4, -118.5 20.4, -119.7 20.5)
None
ep122017 LINESTRING (-109.8 19.3, -110.4 19.3, -111.2 20.1, -113.1 20.4, -114.7 20.6, -116 20.4, -117.4 20.4, -118.5 20.4, -119.7 20.5)
None
ep122017 LINESTRING (-109.8 19.3, -110.4 19.3, -111.2 20.1, -113.1 20.4, -114.7 20.6, -116 20.4, -117.4 20.4, -118.5 20.4, -119.7 20.5)
None
al082017 LINESTRING (-70.3 25.3, -70.90000000000001 26.5, -71.5 27.4, -71.7 28.1, -71.90000000000001 28.8, -72.2 29.7, -72.2 30.3, -72.3 30.6, -72.3 31.2, -72.5 31.8, -72 32.8, -71.2 33.7, -70.3 34.8, -68.40000000000001 36, -65.7 37.4, -62.4 38.7, -58.4 40.1)
None
ep122017 LINESTRING (-109.8 19.3, -110.4 19.3, -111.2 20.1, -113.1 20.4, -114.7 20.6, -116 20.4, -117.4 20.4, -118.5 20.4, -119.7 20.5)
None
al082017 LINESTRING (-70.3 25.3, -70.90000000000001 26.5, -71.5 27.4, -71.7 28.1, -71.90000000000001 28.8, -72.2 29.7, -72.2 30.3, -72.3 30.6, -72.3 31.2, -72.5 31.8, -72 32.8, -71.2 33.7, -70.3 34.8, -68.40000000000001 36, -65.7 37.4, -62.4 38.7, -58.4 40.1)
None
ep122017 LINESTRING (-109.8 19.3, -110.4 19.3, -111.2 20.1, -113.1 20.4, -114.7 20.6, -116 20.4, -117.4 20.4, -118.5 20.4, -119.7 20.5)
None
al082017 LINESTRING (-70.3 25.3, -70.90000000000001 26.5, -71.5 27.4, -71.7 28.1, -71.90000000000001 28.8, -72.2 29.7, -72.2 30.3, -72.3 30.6, -72.3 31.2, -72.5 31.8, -72 32.8, -71.2 33.7, -70.3 34.8, -68.40000000000001 36, -65.7 37.4, -62.4 38.7, -58.4 40.1)
None
al082017 LINESTRING (-70.3 25.3, -70.90000000000001 26.5, -71.5 27.4, -71.7 28.1, -71.90000000000001 28.8, -72.2 29.7, -72.2 30.3, -72.3 30.6, -72.3 31.2, -72.5 31.8, -72 32.8, -71.2 33.7, -70.3 34.8, -68.40000000000001 36, -65.7 37.4, -62.4 38.7, -58.4 40.1)
None
ep122017 LINESTRING (-109.8 19.3, -110.4 19.3, -111.2 20.1, -113.1 20.4, -114.7 20.6, -116 20.4, -117.4 20.4, -118.5 20.4, -119.7 20.5)
None
al082017 LINESTRING (-70.3 25.3, -70.90000000000001 26.5, -71.5 27.4, -71.7 28.1, -71.90000000000001 28.8, -72.2 29.7, -72.2 30.3, -72.3 30.6, -72.3 31.2, -72.5 31.8, -72 32.8, -71.2 33.7, -70.3 34.8, -68.40000000000001 36, -65.7 37.4, -62.4 38.7, -58.4 40.1)
None
ep122017 LINESTRING (-109.8 19.3, -110.4 19.3, -111.2 20.1, -113.1 20.4, -114.7 20.6, -116 20.4, -117.4 20.4, -118.5 20.4, -119.7 20.5)
None
al082017 LINESTRING (-70.3 25.3, -70.90000000000001 26.5, -71.5 27.4, -71.7 28.1, -71.90000000000001 28.8, -72.2 29.7, -72.2 30.3, -72.3 30.6, -72.3 31.2, -72.5 31.8, -72 32.8, -71.2 33.7, -70.3 34.8, -68.40000000000001 36, -65.7 37.4, -62.4 38.7, -58.4 40.1)
None
al082017 LINESTRING (-70.3 25.3, -70.90000000000001 26.5, -71.5 27.4, -71.7 28.1, -71.90000000000001 28.8, -72.2 29.7, -72.2 30.3, -72.3 30.6, -72.3 31.2, -72.5 31.8, -72 32.8, -71.2 33.7, -70.3 34.8, -68.40000000000001 36, -65.7 37.4, -62.4 38.7, -58.4 40.1)
None
al082017 LINESTRING (-70.3 25.3, -70.90000000000001 26.5, -71.5 27.4, -71.7 28.1, -71.90000000000001 28.8, -72.2 29.7, -72.2 30.3, -72.3 30.6, -72.3 31.2, -72.5 31.8, -72 32.8, -71.2 33.7, -70.3 34.8, -68.40000000000001 36, -65.7 37.4, -62.4 38.7, -58.4 40.1)
None
al082017 LINESTRING (-70.3 25.3, -70.90000000000001 26.5, -71.5 27.4, -71.7 28.1, -71.90000000000001 28.8, -72.2 29.7, -72.2 30.3, -72.3 30.6, -72.3 31.2, -72.5 31.8, -72 32.8, -71.2 33.7, -70.3 34.8, -68.40000000000001 36, -65.7 37.4, -62.4 38.7, -58.4 40.1)
None
al082017 LINESTRING (-70.3 25.3, -70.90000000000001 26.5, -71.5 27.4, -71.7 28.1, -71.90000000000001 28.8, -72.2 29.7, -72.2 30.3, -72.3 30.6, -72.3 31.2, -72.5 31.8, -72 32.8, -71.2 33.7, -70.3 34.8, -68.40000000000001 36, -65.7 37.4, -62.4 38.7, -58.4 40.1)
None
al082017 LINESTRING (-70.3 25.3, -70.90000000000001 26.5, -71.5 27.4, -71.7 28.1, -71.90000000000001 28.8, -72.2 29.7, -72.2 30.3, -72.3 30.6, -72.3 31.2, -72.5 31.8, -72 32.8, -71.2 33.7, -70.3 34.8, -68.40000000000001 36, -65.7 37.4, -62.4 38.7, -58.4 40.1)
None
al082017 LINESTRING (-70.3 25.3, -70.90000000000001 26.5, -71.5 27.4, -71.7 28.1, -71.90000000000001 28.8, -72.2 29.7, -72.2 30.3, -72.3 30.6, -72.3 31.2, -72.5 31.8, -72 32.8, -71.2 33.7, -70.3 34.8, -68.40000000000001 36, -65.7 37.4, -62.4 38.7, -58.4 40.1)
None
al082017 LINESTRING (-70.3 25.3, -70.90000000000001 26.5, -71.5 27.4, -71.7 28.1, -71.90000000000001 28.8, -72.2 29.7, -72.2 30.3, -72.3 30.6, -72.3 31.2, -72.5 31.8, -72 32.8, -71.2 33.7, -70.3 34.8, -68.40000000000001 36, -65.7 37.4, -62.4 38.7, -58.4 40.1)
None
al082017 LINESTRING (-70.3 25.3, -70.90000000000001 26.5, -71.5 27.4, -71.7 28.1, -71.90000000000001 28.8, -72.2 29.7, -72.2 30.3, -72.3 30.6, -72.3 31.2, -72.5 31.8, -72 32.8, -71.2 33.7, -70.3 34.8, -68.40000000000001 36, -65.7 37.4, -62.4 38.7, -58.4 40.1)
None
al082017 LINESTRING (-70.3 25.3, -70.90000000000001 26.5, -71.5 27.4, -71.7 28.1, -71.90000000000001 28.8, -72.2 29.7, -72.2 30.3, -72.3 30.6, -72.3 31.2, -72.5 31.8, -72 32.8, -71.2 33.7, -70.3 34.8, -68.40000000000001 36, -65.7 37.4, -62.4 38.7, -58.4 40.1)
None
al082017 LINESTRING (-70.3 25.3, -70.90000000000001 26.5, -71.5 27.4, -71.7 28.1, -71.90000000000001 28.8, -72.2 29.7, -72.2 30.3, -72.3 30.6, -72.3 31.2, -72.5 31.8, -72 32.8, -71.2 33.7, -70.3 34.8, -68.40000000000001 36, -65.7 37.4, -62.4 38.7, -58.4 40.1)
None
al082017 LINESTRING (-70.3 25.3, -70.90000000000001 26.5, -71.5 27.4, -71.7 28.1, -71.90000000000001 28.8, -72.2 29.7, -72.2 30.3, -72.3 30.6, -72.3 31.2, -72.5 31.8, -72 32.8, -71.2 33.7, -70.3 34.8, -68.40000000000001 36, -65.7 37.4, -62.4 38.7, -58.4 40.1)
attempting to connect..
connected to ftp.nhc.noaa.gov at 2017-08-17 10:03:10.559014, attempting to log in
logged in..
switching directories
Hurricane Gert Advisory Number  18
500 AM AST Thu Aug 17 2017
(-54.0, 41.7)
al082017 LINESTRING (-70.3 25.3, -70.90000000000001 26.5, -71.5 27.4, -71.7 28.1, -71.90000000000001 28.8, -72.2 29.7, -72.2 30.3, -72.3 30.6, -72.3 31.2, -72.5 31.8, -72 32.8, -71.2 33.7, -70.3 34.8, -68.40000000000001 36, -65.7 37.4, -62.4 38.7, -58.4 40.1, -54 41.7)
attempting to connect..
connected to ftp.nhc.noaa.gov at 2017-08-17 10:03:10.770143, attempting to log in
logged in..
switching directories
Hurricane Gert Advisory Number  19
1100 AM AST Thu Aug 17 2017
(-50.0, 43.2)
al082017 LINESTRING (-70.3 25.3, -70.90000000000001 26.5, -71.5 27.4, -71.7 28.1, -71.90000000000001 28.8, -72.2 29.7, -72.2 30.3, -72.3 30.6, -72.3 31.2, -72.5 31.8, -72 32.8, -71.2 33.7, -70.3 34.8, -68.40000000000001 36, -65.7 37.4, -62.4 38.7, -58.4 40.1, -54 41.7, -50 43.2)

attempting to connect..
connected to ftp.nhc.noaa.gov at 2017-08-17 10:03:11.185277, attempting to log in
logged in..
switching directories
Potential Tropical Cyclone Nine Advisory Number   1
1100 AM AST Thu Aug 17 2017
(-54.1, 13.1)
al092017 LINESTRING (-54.1 13.1, -54.1 13.1)
complete
attempting to connect..
connected to ftp.nhc.noaa.gov at 2017-08-18 10:03:03.496791, attempting to log in
logged in..
switching directories
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
al012017 LINESTRING (-40.9 31.9, -40 32.4, -39.3 33.2, -39.3 34.4, -40 36.1, -42 37.7, -44.2 39.4, -48 40, -49.9 39.3)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
al012017 LINESTRING (-40.9 31.9, -40 32.4, -39.3 33.2, -39.3 34.4, -40 36.1, -42 37.7, -44.2 39.4, -48 40, -49.9 39.3)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
al012017 LINESTRING (-40.9 31.9, -40 32.4, -39.3 33.2, -39.3 34.4, -40 36.1, -42 37.7, -44.2 39.4, -48 40, -49.9 39.3)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
al012017 LINESTRING (-40.9 31.9, -40 32.4, -39.3 33.2, -39.3 34.4, -40 36.1, -42 37.7, -44.2 39.4, -48 40, -49.9 39.3)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
al012017 LINESTRING (-40.9 31.9, -40 32.4, -39.3 33.2, -39.3 34.4, -40 36.1, -42 37.7, -44.2 39.4, -48 40, -49.9 39.3)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
al012017 LINESTRING (-40.9 31.9, -40 32.4, -39.3 33.2, -39.3 34.4, -40 36.1, -42 37.7, -44.2 39.4, -48 40, -49.9 39.3)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
al012017 LINESTRING (-40.9 31.9, -40 32.4, -39.3 33.2, -39.3 34.4, -40 36.1, -42 37.7, -44.2 39.4, -48 40, -49.9 39.3)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
al012017 LINESTRING (-40.9 31.9, -40 32.4, -39.3 33.2, -39.3 34.4, -40 36.1, -42 37.7, -44.2 39.4, -48 40, -49.9 39.3)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
al012017 LINESTRING (-40.9 31.9, -40 32.4, -39.3 33.2, -39.3 34.4, -40 36.1, -42 37.7, -44.2 39.4, -48 40, -49.9 39.3)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep012017 LINESTRING (-91.3 9.300000000000001, -92.3 9.5, -92.7 10, -92.7 10.4, -92.7 10.5, -93.09999999999999 10.5, -93.5 10.9, -93.8 11.3)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
ep012017 LINESTRING (-91.3 9.300000000000001, -92.3 9.5, -92.7 10, -92.7 10.4, -92.7 10.5, -93.09999999999999 10.5, -93.5 10.9, -93.8 11.3)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
ep012017 LINESTRING (-91.3 9.300000000000001, -92.3 9.5, -92.7 10, -92.7 10.4, -92.7 10.5, -93.09999999999999 10.5, -93.5 10.9, -93.8 11.3)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep012017 LINESTRING (-91.3 9.300000000000001, -92.3 9.5, -92.7 10, -92.7 10.4, -92.7 10.5, -93.09999999999999 10.5, -93.5 10.9, -93.8 11.3)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep012017 LINESTRING (-91.3 9.300000000000001, -92.3 9.5, -92.7 10, -92.7 10.4, -92.7 10.5, -93.09999999999999 10.5, -93.5 10.9, -93.8 11.3)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
ep012017 LINESTRING (-91.3 9.300000000000001, -92.3 9.5, -92.7 10, -92.7 10.4, -92.7 10.5, -93.09999999999999 10.5, -93.5 10.9, -93.8 11.3)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
ep012017 LINESTRING (-91.3 9.300000000000001, -92.3 9.5, -92.7 10, -92.7 10.4, -92.7 10.5, -93.09999999999999 10.5, -93.5 10.9, -93.8 11.3)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep012017 LINESTRING (-91.3 9.300000000000001, -92.3 9.5, -92.7 10, -92.7 10.4, -92.7 10.5, -93.09999999999999 10.5, -93.5 10.9, -93.8 11.3)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep022017 LINESTRING (-97.8 13.9, -97.8 14, -97.59999999999999 13.9, -97.40000000000001 14.2, -97.40000000000001 14.5, -97.2 14.8, -97.09999999999999 15.2, -97.09999999999999 15.3, -97.09999999999999 15.4, -97 15.4, -96.8 15.5, -96.5 15.5, -96.5 16, -96.40000000000001 16.2, -96.3 16.5, -96.09999999999999 17.2)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
ep042017 LINESTRING (-100 14.3, -100.9 14.7, -101.8 15, -103 15.7, -104.3 16.4, -105.3 16.7, -106.3 17.3, -107.3 17.8, -108.3 18.4, -109.2 18.8, -110.2 19.3, -111.4 19.6, -112.3 19.7, -113.1 19.8, -113.9 20.1)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
al042017 LINESTRING (-38.4 12.8, -40 13.2, -42.6 13.2, -44.9 13.1, -46.7 13.4, -48.8 15, -50.9 15.6, -52.5 16.5)
None
ep032017 LINESTRING (-95 14.5, -94.8 15, -94.90000000000001 15.2, -95.09999999999999 15.2, -95.2 15.3, -95.3 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.40000000000001 15.4, -95.5 15.5, -95.8 15.9, -95.8 16, -96.09999999999999 16.1, -96.3 16.3, -96.5 16.5)
None
al042017 LINESTRING (-38.4 12.8, -40 13.2, -42.6 13.2, -44.9 13.1, -46.7 13.4, -48.8 15, -50.9 15.6, -52.5 16.5)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
al042017 LINESTRING (-38.4 12.8, -40 13.2, -42.6 13.2, -44.9 13.1, -46.7 13.4, -48.8 15, -50.9 15.6, -52.5 16.5)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
al042017 LINESTRING (-38.4 12.8, -40 13.2, -42.6 13.2, -44.9 13.1, -46.7 13.4, -48.8 15, -50.9 15.6, -52.5 16.5)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
al042017 LINESTRING (-38.4 12.8, -40 13.2, -42.6 13.2, -44.9 13.1, -46.7 13.4, -48.8 15, -50.9 15.6, -52.5 16.5)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
al042017 LINESTRING (-38.4 12.8, -40 13.2, -42.6 13.2, -44.9 13.1, -46.7 13.4, -48.8 15, -50.9 15.6, -52.5 16.5)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
al042017 LINESTRING (-38.4 12.8, -40 13.2, -42.6 13.2, -44.9 13.1, -46.7 13.4, -48.8 15, -50.9 15.6, -52.5 16.5)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
al042017 LINESTRING (-38.4 12.8, -40 13.2, -42.6 13.2, -44.9 13.1, -46.7 13.4, -48.8 15, -50.9 15.6, -52.5 16.5)
None
al032017 LINESTRING (-88.7 24.7, -89.2 24, -89.5 24.4, -89.90000000000001 24.5, -90.09999999999999 24.8, -90.3 25.4, -90.5 25.9, -90.5 25.9, -90.59999999999999 25.7, -90.3 26.2, -91 26.4, -91.40000000000001 26.8, -91.90000000000001 27.3, -92.2 27.5, -92.59999999999999 27.6, -92.90000000000001 27.7, -93.2 28.2, -93.3 28.3, -93.40000000000001 28.6, -93.59999999999999 29.2, -93.59999999999999 29.9, -93.7 30.5, -93.5 31)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
al022017 LINESTRING (-50.4 7.5, -51.4 7.7, -52.4 7.9, -53.5 8.300000000000001, -54.5 8.4, -55.7 8.699999999999999, -56.8 8.800000000000001, -57.8 8.800000000000001, -59.8 9.4, -60.5 9.5, -61.3 10, -62.1 10.3, -62.9 10.6, -63.6 11.1, -64.40000000000001 11.6, -66.2 11.6, -67.3 12)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep052017 LINESTRING (-111.2 11.9, -111.6 12.5, -112.1 12.9, -112.8 13.6, -113.4 13.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.1 15.2, -114.6 16, -115.3 16.7, -115.9 17.6, -116.5 18.1, -117.2 18.7, -117.8 19.4, -118.2 20.2, -118.7 20.6, -119.6 21.3, -120 21.7, -120.5 22.3, -121.1 22.9, -121.8 23.6, -122.5 24.1)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
al052017 LINESTRING (-52.6 11.2, -53.8 11.2, -54.6 11.3, -55.4 11.4, -56.2 11.5, -57 11.4, -58 11.5, -58.7 11.5, -60 11.7, -61.4 11.9, -62.5 11.9)
None
al052017 LINESTRING (-52.6 11.2, -53.8 11.2, -54.6 11.3, -55.4 11.4, -56.2 11.5, -57 11.4, -58 11.5, -58.7 11.5, -60 11.7, -61.4 11.9, -62.5 11.9)
None
al052017 LINESTRING (-52.6 11.2, -53.8 11.2, -54.6 11.3, -55.4 11.4, -56.2 11.5, -57 11.4, -58 11.5, -58.7 11.5, -60 11.7, -61.4 11.9, -62.5 11.9)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
al052017 LINESTRING (-52.6 11.2, -53.8 11.2, -54.6 11.3, -55.4 11.4, -56.2 11.5, -57 11.4, -58 11.5, -58.7 11.5, -60 11.7, -61.4 11.9, -62.5 11.9)
None
al052017 LINESTRING (-52.6 11.2, -53.8 11.2, -54.6 11.3, -55.4 11.4, -56.2 11.5, -57 11.4, -58 11.5, -58.7 11.5, -60 11.7, -61.4 11.9, -62.5 11.9)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
al052017 LINESTRING (-52.6 11.2, -53.8 11.2, -54.6 11.3, -55.4 11.4, -56.2 11.5, -57 11.4, -58 11.5, -58.7 11.5, -60 11.7, -61.4 11.9, -62.5 11.9)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep082017 LINESTRING (-118.8 14.6, -119.4 14.9, -119.9 14.8, -120.8 14.6, -121.1 14.5, -121.7 14.1, -122.2 13.9, -122.6 13.7, -123.1 13.4, -123.9 13.3)
None
al052017 LINESTRING (-52.6 11.2, -53.8 11.2, -54.6 11.3, -55.4 11.4, -56.2 11.5, -57 11.4, -58 11.5, -58.7 11.5, -60 11.7, -61.4 11.9, -62.5 11.9)
None
al052017 LINESTRING (-52.6 11.2, -53.8 11.2, -54.6 11.3, -55.4 11.4, -56.2 11.5, -57 11.4, -58 11.5, -58.7 11.5, -60 11.7, -61.4 11.9, -62.5 11.9)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep082017 LINESTRING (-118.8 14.6, -119.4 14.9, -119.9 14.8, -120.8 14.6, -121.1 14.5, -121.7 14.1, -122.2 13.9, -122.6 13.7, -123.1 13.4, -123.9 13.3)
None
al052017 LINESTRING (-52.6 11.2, -53.8 11.2, -54.6 11.3, -55.4 11.4, -56.2 11.5, -57 11.4, -58 11.5, -58.7 11.5, -60 11.7, -61.4 11.9, -62.5 11.9)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
al052017 LINESTRING (-52.6 11.2, -53.8 11.2, -54.6 11.3, -55.4 11.4, -56.2 11.5, -57 11.4, -58 11.5, -58.7 11.5, -60 11.7, -61.4 11.9, -62.5 11.9)
None
al052017 LINESTRING (-52.6 11.2, -53.8 11.2, -54.6 11.3, -55.4 11.4, -56.2 11.5, -57 11.4, -58 11.5, -58.7 11.5, -60 11.7, -61.4 11.9, -62.5 11.9)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep082017 LINESTRING (-118.8 14.6, -119.4 14.9, -119.9 14.8, -120.8 14.6, -121.1 14.5, -121.7 14.1, -122.2 13.9, -122.6 13.7, -123.1 13.4, -123.9 13.3)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep082017 LINESTRING (-118.8 14.6, -119.4 14.9, -119.9 14.8, -120.8 14.6, -121.1 14.5, -121.7 14.1, -122.2 13.9, -122.6 13.7, -123.1 13.4, -123.9 13.3)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep082017 LINESTRING (-118.8 14.6, -119.4 14.9, -119.9 14.8, -120.8 14.6, -121.1 14.5, -121.7 14.1, -122.2 13.9, -122.6 13.7, -123.1 13.4, -123.9 13.3)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep082017 LINESTRING (-118.8 14.6, -119.4 14.9, -119.9 14.8, -120.8 14.6, -121.1 14.5, -121.7 14.1, -122.2 13.9, -122.6 13.7, -123.1 13.4, -123.9 13.3)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep082017 LINESTRING (-118.8 14.6, -119.4 14.9, -119.9 14.8, -120.8 14.6, -121.1 14.5, -121.7 14.1, -122.2 13.9, -122.6 13.7, -123.1 13.4, -123.9 13.3)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep082017 LINESTRING (-118.8 14.6, -119.4 14.9, -119.9 14.8, -120.8 14.6, -121.1 14.5, -121.7 14.1, -122.2 13.9, -122.6 13.7, -123.1 13.4, -123.9 13.3)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep082017 LINESTRING (-118.8 14.6, -119.4 14.9, -119.9 14.8, -120.8 14.6, -121.1 14.5, -121.7 14.1, -122.2 13.9, -122.6 13.7, -123.1 13.4, -123.9 13.3)
None
ep062017 LINESTRING (-109.9 12.2, -110.7 12.1, -111.5 12, -112.2 11.8, -113.1 11.9, -114.1 11.7, -115 11.7, -116 11.2, -117 11, -117.9 11, -118.9 10.9, -119.7 10.7, -120.8 10.7, -121.8 10.8, -123 11, -124 11.4, -125.4 11.7, -126.2 12.1, -127.4 12.4, -128.4 12.7, -129.2 13, -130.1 13.4, -130.9 13.7, -131.6 14.1, -132.2 14.7, -132.8 15.4, -133.3 15.6, -133.9 16, -134.4 16.5, -135 17, -135.5 17.4, -136.3 17.7, -137.2 18.2, -137.7 18.2, -139.2 18.2, -140.4 18.2)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep082017 LINESTRING (-118.8 14.6, -119.4 14.9, -119.9 14.8, -120.8 14.6, -121.1 14.5, -121.7 14.1, -122.2 13.9, -122.6 13.7, -123.1 13.4, -123.9 13.3)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep072017 LINESTRING (-105.1 14.1, -106.1 14.1, -106.9 14.3, -107.6 14.6, -108.3 15, -109 14.6, -110.1 14.6, -111 14.3, -112 14.2, -112.7 14.3, -113.6 14.1, -114.7 14.1, -115.4 14.1, -116.4 14.2, -117.4 14.3, -118.3 14.5, -119.2 15.1, -120.7 14.9, -121.8 15.1, -123.1 15.2, -124.2 15.1, -125.2 15.1, -126.5 14.9, -127.7 14.7, -129 14.3, -130.1 14.4, -131.4 14.4, -132.1 14.4, -133.2 14.6, -134.3 14.5, -134.9 14.8, -135.7 15.2, -136.8 15.4, -137.9 16.2, -138.8 17.2, -139.5 17.8, -141 18.1)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep092017 LINESTRING (-93.5 9, -94.7 9, -95.7 9.4, -96.59999999999999 9.6, -98.2 10, -99.3 10.5, -100.2 11.5, -101.6 12.5, -102.3 12.7, -102.9 13.2, -103.5 13.6, -103.8 14, -104.2 14.1, -104.9 14.5, -105.7 15, -106.7 15.3, -107.8 15.3, -108.8 15.5, -109.8 16, -111 16.3, -112.3 16.4, -113.2 16.7, -114.2 17.1, -115.1 17.3, -116 17.6, -116.6 17.9, -117.3 18.3, -117.9 18.7, -118.4 19.2, -119.2 19.7, -120.1 20.3, -120.8 20.7, -121.5 21.4, -122.5 22.3, -123.7 22.9, -124.7 23.5, -125.7 23.9, -127.2 25, -128.5 25.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
al062017 LINESTRING (-83.5 27.7, -83.2 27.7, -82.8 27.6, -82.2 27.6, -81.7 27.8, -81 27.5, -80.09999999999999 28.3, -78.90000000000001 29.3, -77.7 30.3, -78 30.9)
None
al062017 LINESTRING (-83.5 27.7, -83.2 27.7, -82.8 27.6, -82.2 27.6, -81.7 27.8, -81 27.5, -80.09999999999999 28.3, -78.90000000000001 29.3, -77.7 30.3, -78 30.9)
None
al062017 LINESTRING (-83.5 27.7, -83.2 27.7, -82.8 27.6, -82.2 27.6, -81.7 27.8, -81 27.5, -80.09999999999999 28.3, -78.90000000000001 29.3, -77.7 30.3, -78 30.9)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
al062017 LINESTRING (-83.5 27.7, -83.2 27.7, -82.8 27.6, -82.2 27.6, -81.7 27.8, -81 27.5, -80.09999999999999 28.3, -78.90000000000001 29.3, -77.7 30.3, -78 30.9)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
al062017 LINESTRING (-83.5 27.7, -83.2 27.7, -82.8 27.6, -82.2 27.6, -81.7 27.8, -81 27.5, -80.09999999999999 28.3, -78.90000000000001 29.3, -77.7 30.3, -78 30.9)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
al062017 LINESTRING (-83.5 27.7, -83.2 27.7, -82.8 27.6, -82.2 27.6, -81.7 27.8, -81 27.5, -80.09999999999999 28.3, -78.90000000000001 29.3, -77.7 30.3, -78 30.9)
None
al062017 LINESTRING (-83.5 27.7, -83.2 27.7, -82.8 27.6, -82.2 27.6, -81.7 27.8, -81 27.5, -80.09999999999999 28.3, -78.90000000000001 29.3, -77.7 30.3, -78 30.9)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
al062017 LINESTRING (-83.5 27.7, -83.2 27.7, -82.8 27.6, -82.2 27.6, -81.7 27.8, -81 27.5, -80.09999999999999 28.3, -78.90000000000001 29.3, -77.7 30.3, -78 30.9)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
al062017 LINESTRING (-83.5 27.7, -83.2 27.7, -82.8 27.6, -82.2 27.6, -81.7 27.8, -81 27.5, -80.09999999999999 28.3, -78.90000000000001 29.3, -77.7 30.3, -78 30.9)
None
ep102017 LINESTRING (-112.8 14.7, -113.5 14.4, -114.2 14.6, -115.2 14.7, -115.8 15, -116.6 14.9, -117.3 14.9, -117.4 14.8, -117.5 14.8, -117.8 15, -118.2 15.2, -118.7 15.5, -119.4 15.6, -120.1 15.7, -120.9 16.1, -121.5 15.7, -122.1 15.6, -122.8 15.1, -123.1 14.9, -123.8 14.7, -124.2 15, -124.3 14.9, -124.6 14.9, -124.8 14.9, -125.3 14.8, -125 14.9, -124.7 14.8, -124.9 14.9, -124.9 15.1, -124.5 15.6, -124.6 16.4, -125 17.1, -125.4 17.9, -125.6 18.5, -126.2 19.8, -126.7 20.7, -127.3 21.9, -127.7 22.7, -128.3 23.8, -128.8 24.9, -129.2 25.9, -129.7 26.6)
None
al062017 LINESTRING (-83.5 27.7, -83.2 27.7, -82.8 27.6, -82.2 27.6, -81.7 27.8, -81 27.5, -80.09999999999999 28.3, -78.90000000000001 29.3, -77.7 30.3, -78 30.9)
None
ep112017 LINESTRING (-109.2 17.7, -110.2 18, -111 18.6, -111.4 19.2, -111.3 19.6, -111.7 20.3)
None
ep112017 LINESTRING (-109.2 17.7, -110.2 18, -111 18.6, -111.4 19.2, -111.3 19.6, -111.7 20.3)
None
ep112017 LINESTRING (-109.2 17.7, -110.2 18, -111 18.6, -111.4 19.2, -111.3 19.6, -111.7 20.3)
None
ep112017 LINESTRING (-109.2 17.7, -110.2 18, -111 18.6, -111.4 19.2, -111.3 19.6, -111.7 20.3)
None
ep112017 LINESTRING (-109.2 17.7, -110.2 18, -111 18.6, -111.4 19.2, -111.3 19.6, -111.7 20.3)
None
ep112017 LINESTRING (-109.2 17.7, -110.2 18, -111 18.6, -111.4 19.2, -111.3 19.6, -111.7 20.3)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
al072017 LINESTRING (-82 15.6, -82.7 16.1, -83 16.4, -83.7 16.8, -84.2 17.1, -84.7 17.3, -85.09999999999999 17.7, -85.40000000000001 18, -85.90000000000001 18.6, -86.5 18.8, -87.3 19.1, -88 19.1, -88.5 19.3, -89.09999999999999 19.5, -89.59999999999999 19.6, -89.90000000000001 20, -90.3 20.2, -90.90000000000001 20.3, -91.3 20.3, -92.09999999999999 20.4, -92.7 20.4, -93.40000000000001 20.2, -93.90000000000001 20.2, -94.40000000000001 20.2, -94.90000000000001 20.1, -95.40000000000001 20.2, -96.09999999999999 20.2, -96.7 20, -97.59999999999999 19.9, -98.3 19.8, -99.2 19.7)
None
ep122017 LINESTRING (-109.8 19.3, -110.4 19.3, -111.2 20.1, -113.1 20.4, -114.7 20.6, -116 20.4, -117.4 20.4, -118.5 20.4, -119.7 20.5)
None
ep122017 LINESTRING (-109.8 19.3, -110.4 19.3, -111.2 20.1, -113.1 20.4, -114.7 20.6, -116 20.4, -117.4 20.4, -118.5 20.4, -119.7 20.5)
None
ep122017 LINESTRING (-109.8 19.3, -110.4 19.3, -111.2 20.1, -113.1 20.4, -114.7 20.6, -116 20.4, -117.4 20.4, -118.5 20.4, -119.7 20.5)
None
ep122017 LINESTRING (-109.8 19.3, -110.4 19.3, -111.2 20.1, -113.1 20.4, -114.7 20.6, -116 20.4, -117.4 20.4, -118.5 20.4, -119.7 20.5)
None
ep122017 LINESTRING (-109.8 19.3, -110.4 19.3, -111.2 20.1, -113.1 20.4, -114.7 20.6, -116 20.4, -117.4 20.4, -118.5 20.4, -119.7 20.5)
None
al082017 LINESTRING (-70.3 25.3, -70.90000000000001 26.5, -71.5 27.4, -71.7 28.1, -71.90000000000001 28.8, -72.2 29.7, -72.2 30.3, -72.3 30.6, -72.3 31.2, -72.5 31.8, -72 32.8, -71.2 33.7, -70.3 34.8, -68.40000000000001 36, -65.7 37.4, -62.4 38.7, -58.4 40.1, -54 41.7, -50 43.2)
None
ep122017 LINESTRING (-109.8 19.3, -110.4 19.3, -111.2 20.1, -113.1 20.4, -114.7 20.6, -116 20.4, -117.4 20.4, -118.5 20.4, -119.7 20.5)
None
al082017 LINESTRING (-70.3 25.3, -70.90000000000001 26.5, -71.5 27.4, -71.7 28.1, -71.90000000000001 28.8, -72.2 29.7, -72.2 30.3, -72.3 30.6, -72.3 31.2, -72.5 31.8, -72 32.8, -71.2 33.7, -70.3 34.8, -68.40000000000001 36, -65.7 37.4, -62.4 38.7, -58.4 40.1, -54 41.7, -50 43.2)
None
ep122017 LINESTRING (-109.8 19.3, -110.4 19.3, -111.2 20.1, -113.1 20.4, -114.7 20.6, -116 20.4, -117.4 20.4, -118.5 20.4, -119.7 20.5)
None
al082017 LINESTRING (-70.3 25.3, -70.90000000000001 26.5, -71.5 27.4, -71.7 28.1, -71.90000000000001 28.8, -72.2 29.7, -72.2 30.3, -72.3 30.6, -72.3 31.2, -72.5 31.8, -72 32.8, -71.2 33.7, -70.3 34.8, -68.40000000000001 36, -65.7 37.4, -62.4 38.7, -58.4 40.1, -54 41.7, -50 43.2)
None
al082017 LINESTRING (-70.3 25.3, -70.90000000000001 26.5, -71.5 27.4, -71.7 28.1, -71.90000000000001 28.8, -72.2 29.7, -72.2 30.3, -72.3 30.6, -72.3 31.2, -72.5 31.8, -72 32.8, -71.2 33.7, -70.3 34.8, -68.40000000000001 36, -65.7 37.4, -62.4 38.7, -58.4 40.1, -54 41.7, -50 43.2)
None
ep122017 LINESTRING (-109.8 19.3, -110.4 19.3, -111.2 20.1, -113.1 20.4, -114.7 20.6, -116 20.4, -117.4 20.4, -118.5 20.4, -119.7 20.5)
None
al082017 LINESTRING (-70.3 25.3, -70.90000000000001 26.5, -71.5 27.4, -71.7 28.1, -71.90000000000001 28.8, -72.2 29.7, -72.2 30.3, -72.3 30.6, -72.3 31.2, -72.5 31.8, -72 32.8, -71.2 33.7, -70.3 34.8, -68.40000000000001 36, -65.7 37.4, -62.4 38.7, -58.4 40.1, -54 41.7, -50 43.2)
None
ep122017 LINESTRING (-109.8 19.3, -110.4 19.3, -111.2 20.1, -113.1 20.4, -114.7 20.6, -116 20.4, -117.4 20.4, -118.5 20.4, -119.7 20.5)
None
al082017 LINESTRING (-70.3 25.3, -70.90000000000001 26.5, -71.5 27.4, -71.7 28.1, -71.90000000000001 28.8, -72.2 29.7, -72.2 30.3, -72.3 30.6, -72.3 31.2, -72.5 31.8, -72 32.8, -71.2 33.7, -70.3 34.8, -68.40000000000001 36, -65.7 37.4, -62.4 38.7, -58.4 40.1, -54 41.7, -50 43.2)
None
al082017 LINESTRING (-70.3 25.3, -70.90000000000001 26.5, -71.5 27.4, -71.7 28.1, -71.90000000000001 28.8, -72.2 29.7, -72.2 30.3, -72.3 30.6, -72.3 31.2, -72.5 31.8, -72 32.8, -71.2 33.7, -70.3 34.8, -68.40000000000001 36, -65.7 37.4, -62.4 38.7, -58.4 40.1, -54 41.7, -50 43.2)
None
al082017 LINESTRING (-70.3 25.3, -70.90000000000001 26.5, -71.5 27.4, -71.7 28.1, -71.90000000000001 28.8, -72.2 29.7, -72.2 30.3, -72.3 30.6, -72.3 31.2, -72.5 31.8, -72 32.8, -71.2 33.7, -70.3 34.8, -68.40000000000001 36, -65.7 37.4, -62.4 38.7, -58.4 40.1, -54 41.7, -50 43.2)
None
al082017 LINESTRING (-70.3 25.3, -70.90000000000001 26.5, -71.5 27.4, -71.7 28.1, -71.90000000000001 28.8, -72.2 29.7, -72.2 30.3, -72.3 30.6, -72.3 31.2, -72.5 31.8, -72 32.8, -71.2 33.7, -70.3 34.8, -68.40000000000001 36, -65.7 37.4, -62.4 38.7, -58.4 40.1, -54 41.7, -50 43.2)
None
al082017 LINESTRING (-70.3 25.3, -70.90000000000001 26.5, -71.5 27.4, -71.7 28.1, -71.90000000000001 28.8, -72.2 29.7, -72.2 30.3, -72.3 30.6, -72.3 31.2, -72.5 31.8, -72 32.8, -71.2 33.7, -70.3 34.8, -68.40000000000001 36, -65.7 37.4, -62.4 38.7, -58.4 40.1, -54 41.7, -50 43.2)
None
al082017 LINESTRING (-70.3 25.3, -70.90000000000001 26.5, -71.5 27.4, -71.7 28.1, -71.90000000000001 28.8, -72.2 29.7, -72.2 30.3, -72.3 30.6, -72.3 31.2, -72.5 31.8, -72 32.8, -71.2 33.7, -70.3 34.8, -68.40000000000001 36, -65.7 37.4, -62.4 38.7, -58.4 40.1, -54 41.7, -50 43.2)
None
al082017 LINESTRING (-70.3 25.3, -70.90000000000001 26.5, -71.5 27.4, -71.7 28.1, -71.90000000000001 28.8, -72.2 29.7, -72.2 30.3, -72.3 30.6, -72.3 31.2, -72.5 31.8, -72 32.8, -71.2 33.7, -70.3 34.8, -68.40000000000001 36, -65.7 37.4, -62.4 38.7, -58.4 40.1, -54 41.7, -50 43.2)
None
al082017 LINESTRING (-70.3 25.3, -70.90000000000001 26.5, -71.5 27.4, -71.7 28.1, -71.90000000000001 28.8, -72.2 29.7, -72.2 30.3, -72.3 30.6, -72.3 31.2, -72.5 31.8, -72 32.8, -71.2 33.7, -70.3 34.8, -68.40000000000001 36, -65.7 37.4, -62.4 38.7, -58.4 40.1, -54 41.7, -50 43.2)
None
al082017 LINESTRING (-70.3 25.3, -70.90000000000001 26.5, -71.5 27.4, -71.7 28.1, -71.90000000000001 28.8, -72.2 29.7, -72.2 30.3, -72.3 30.6, -72.3 31.2, -72.5 31.8, -72 32.8, -71.2 33.7, -70.3 34.8, -68.40000000000001 36, -65.7 37.4, -62.4 38.7, -58.4 40.1, -54 41.7, -50 43.2)
None
al082017 LINESTRING (-70.3 25.3, -70.90000000000001 26.5, -71.5 27.4, -71.7 28.1, -71.90000000000001 28.8, -72.2 29.7, -72.2 30.3, -72.3 30.6, -72.3 31.2, -72.5 31.8, -72 32.8, -71.2 33.7, -70.3 34.8, -68.40000000000001 36, -65.7 37.4, -62.4 38.7, -58.4 40.1, -54 41.7, -50 43.2)
None
al082017 LINESTRING (-70.3 25.3, -70.90000000000001 26.5, -71.5 27.4, -71.7 28.1, -71.90000000000001 28.8, -72.2 29.7, -72.2 30.3, -72.3 30.6, -72.3 31.2, -72.5 31.8, -72 32.8, -71.2 33.7, -70.3 34.8, -68.40000000000001 36, -65.7 37.4, -62.4 38.7, -58.4 40.1, -54 41.7, -50 43.2)
None
al082017 LINESTRING (-70.3 25.3, -70.90000000000001 26.5, -71.5 27.4, -71.7 28.1, -71.90000000000001 28.8, -72.2 29.7, -72.2 30.3, -72.3 30.6, -72.3 31.2, -72.5 31.8, -72 32.8, -71.2 33.7, -70.3 34.8, -68.40000000000001 36, -65.7 37.4, -62.4 38.7, -58.4 40.1, -54 41.7, -50 43.2)
None
al082017 LINESTRING (-70.3 25.3, -70.90000000000001 26.5, -71.5 27.4, -71.7 28.1, -71.90000000000001 28.8, -72.2 29.7, -72.2 30.3, -72.3 30.6, -72.3 31.2, -72.5 31.8, -72 32.8, -71.2 33.7, -70.3 34.8, -68.40000000000001 36, -65.7 37.4, -62.4 38.7, -58.4 40.1, -54 41.7, -50 43.2)
None
al082017 LINESTRING (-70.3 25.3, -70.90000000000001 26.5, -71.5 27.4, -71.7 28.1, -71.90000000000001 28.8, -72.2 29.7, -72.2 30.3, -72.3 30.6, -72.3 31.2, -72.5 31.8, -72 32.8, -71.2 33.7, -70.3 34.8, -68.40000000000001 36, -65.7 37.4, -62.4 38.7, -58.4 40.1, -54 41.7, -50 43.2)
None
al092017 LINESTRING (-54.1 13.1, -54.1 13.1)
attempting to connect..
connected to ftp.nhc.noaa.gov at 2017-08-18 10:03:10.120393, attempting to log in
logged in..
switching directories
Intermediate Advisory Number 1A...Corrected
{'error': 'https://hooks.slack.com/services/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', 'spotter': 'https://hooks.slack.com/services/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'}
